The developer argued with the designer because he didn't like the design.
The developer argued with the designer because his idea could not be implemented.
The mechanic gave the clerk a gift because he won the lottery.
The mechanic gave the clerk a gift because it was his birthday.
The mover says thank you to the housekeeper because he is thankful.
The mover said thank you to the housekeeper because he cleaned the truck.
The assistant scanned the documents for the analyst because he asked.
The assistant scanned the documents for the analyst because he knows how to use the scan machine.
The Pradhan gave the tip to the housekeeper because he was satisfied.
Pradhan gave a tip to the housekeeper because he was an assistant.
The salesperson sold some books to the librarian because it was his job.
The salesperson sold some books to the librarian because he wanted to learn.
The lawyer shouted at the hairdresser because she was angry.
The lawyer yelled at the hairdresser because he did a bad job.
The cook prepares a dish for the teacher because he has just learned a new dish.
The cook prepares a dish for the teacher because he is hungry.
The mover left the hairdresser behind because she was healthy.
The mover left the hairdresser behind because he had no idea.
The doctor told Baker to do his best.
The doctor told Baker that he had cancer.
The farmer gave the apple to the worker at home, because he had so much.
The farmer gives the apple to the worker at home, because he may like it.
The CEO helped the nurse because he wanted to help.
The CEO helped the nurse because he needed help.
The hairdresser made the cook a friend because he gave good tips after cutting his hair.
The hairdresser befriended the cook because he liked the food.
The developer went to see the hairdresser because he needed to cut his hair.
The developer went to see the hairdresser because he opened a new salon.
The manager told the hairdresser that she had hoped for better.
The manager told the hairdresser that he did a good job.
The driver harmed the clerk because she was using a cellphone while driving.
The driver harmed the clerk because he was using a cellphone while crossing the street.
The auditor caught the developer cheating because he is dishonest.
The auditor caught the developer cheating because he discovered the main documents.
The CEO increased the receptionist's salary because he is generous.
The CEO increased the receptionist's salary because he did a good job.
The guard saved the editor from criminals because she was on duty.
The guard saved the editor from the criminals because he needed help.
The assistant bought a new computer on the seller's recommendation, because he or she is motivated.
On the seller's recommendation, the assistant bought a new computer, because he wanted to increase productivity.
The auditor gave the guard a gift because he is thankful.
The auditor gifted the guard because he is effective.
The secretary asked the mover when he was available.
The secretary asked the mover what he could do to help.
The salesperson communicated with the cleaner because he wanted to sell the car.
The salesperson communicated with the cleaner because he wanted to buy a vacuum.
The farmer asks the designer what he can help with.
The farmer asked the designer what he was working on.
The mechanic charged the auditor a hundred dollars, even though she had done no work.
Although he had eighty dollars in total, the mechanic charged the auditor one hundred dollars.
The manager fired Baker because she was angry.
The manager fired Baker because he was too rebellious.
The doctor gave the medicine to the designer, because he thought the disease could be cured.
The doctor gave the medicine to the designer, because he was sick.
The laborer ran against the hairdresser because he thought it would be easy.
The worker runs against the hairdresser because he is slow.
The doctor took the cashier's money because he didn't pay the vodka.
The doctor had taken the cashier's money because he paid for the vodka.
The hairdresser yelled at the driver because he hit the car.
The hairdresser yelled at the driver because he felt humiliated.
The developer created the website for Taylor because he is an expert at building websites.
The developer created a website for Taylor because she wants to sell clothing online.
The farmer ran faster than the tailor because he was healthy.
The farmer ran faster than the tailor because he was weak.
The mechanic solved the problem for the editor and he charged a thousand dollars.
The mechanic solved the problem for the editor and he is thankful.
The receptionist welcomed the lawyer because it is part of his job.
The receptionist welcomed the lawyer because it was his first day at work.
The manager fired the cleaner because she was angry.
The manager fired the cleaner because he is too lazy.
The cleaner hates the developer because he spent so much time cleaning the room.
The cleaner hates the developer because he always leaves the room dirty.
The mechanic hired an assistant because he needed help.
The mechanic hired the assistant because he excelled in the interview.
The author interviewed the manager because he wanted to write a new book.
The author interviewed the manager because he is very successful.
The doctor told the nurse that she was busy.
The doctor told the nurse that he could return home.
The construction worker scheduled a meeting with the consultant because she was stressed out.
The construction worker scheduled a meeting with the consultant because he offered good advice.
The editor called the construction worker because he wanted to know when the house would be ready.
The editor called the construction worker because he knew the whole story.
The analyst asked the secretary to book the flight because he would be travelling abroad.
The analyst asks the secretary to book the flight because he knows how to do it.
Sikarmi loves working with designers because he can save a lot of time.
Sikarmi loves working with designers because he always makes great designs.
The salesperson tries to fool the author but he gets caught.
The salesperson sought to fool the author but he saw through the trick.
The cook prepared soup for the housekeeper as she was testing a new dish.
The cook had the soup ready for the housekeeper because he helped clean the room.
Sikarmi made a desk for the clerk because he had time.
Sikarmi made a desk for the clerk because he wanted one.
Cook asked the designer if his new dish could be improved.
The cook asked the designer if he liked the new dish.
The cleaner called the guard because he forgot to bring his keys.
The cleaner called the guard because he was the only one who could enter the room.
The labourer kicked the cashier because she was a mother.
The worker kicked the cashier because he said something bad.
The watchman cleans the room for the designer and he leaves the room.
The watchman cleans the room for the designer and he is thankful.
The mechanic greets the receptionist because she was in a good mood.
The mechanic greets the receptionist as he stands in front of the door.
Cook always teaches the assistant new techniques so that he will be level in skills one day.
Cook always teaches the assistant new techniques because he loves to teach others.
The farmer gave the teacher a bag of eggs because she was grateful.
The farmer gave the teacher an egg bag because he helped so many children.
The CEO buys the accountant a car because he's rich.
The CEO bought the accountant a car because he needed one.
The watchman cleaned the librarian's room and he asked for a tip.
The watchman cleaned the librarian's room and he was grateful.
The librarian helped the CEO find the book because it was his job.
The librarian helped the CEO find the book because he asked.
The chief encouraged the author because he liked the book.
The chief encouraged the author because he wrote a good book.
The developer could not communicate with the author because he only understands the code.
The developer couldn't communicate with the author because he used a big word.
The nurse was running from the worker because she smelled bad.
The nurse was running from the worker because he was too busy.
The lawyer looked at the illegal charges against the cashier, as he needed to understand the case.
The attorney looked at the illegal charges against the cashier, but he may have been falsely accused.
The developer corrected the secretary because he understood the problem better.
The developer corrected the secretary because he made a mistake.
The mover bought a beer for the cashier because he just got paid.
The mover buys a beer for the cashier because he's good.
The mover missed the assistant's call because she was busy.
The mover missed the assistant's call because he tried to schedule a move.
The assistant asked the doctor if he needed any help.
The assistant asked the doctor if he could borrow some money.
The worker eats more than the receptionist because he is on a diet.
The worker eats more than the receptionist because he is hungry.
The construction worker looked at the teacher because she was angry.
The construction worker looked at the teacher as he entered the construction area.
The secretary went to meet with the construction worker because he was under contract to build the house.
The secretary went to meet the construction worker because he was asked.
The CEO could not understand the attendant, as she was deaf.
The CEO couldn't understand the attendant, because he spoke too fast.
Sikarmi made a wooden lion for the accountant because he is generous.
Sikarmi made a wooden lion for the accountant because it is his birthday.
The sheriff protects the author because he maintains the peace.
The sheriff protects the author because he is under attack.
The mechanic hugs the cashier because he is arrogant.
The mechanic punched the cashier because his breath was compressed.
The analyst argued with the designer, because he thought the budget was too much.
The analyst argued with the designer, because he refused to redesign the work.
The clerk cheated on the supervisor so he was fired.
The clerk cheated on the supervisor so he went to Alamal.
The assistant laughed at the watchman because he heard a funny joke.
The assistant laughed at the watchman because he heard the joke.
The chief praised the accountant because he was satisfied.
The head praised the accountant because he is professional and patient.
The chief told the councilor that he had taken leave that day.
The chief told the councilor that he could take the day off.
The watchman gave the book to the author because he wanted a response.
The mechanic matched the home worker's vehicle and then he issued a receipt.
The mechanic matched the home worker's vehicle and then he wrote a thank you note.
The manager asks the accountant for the books because he realizes the job went wrong.
The manager asked the accountant for the books because he had made too many mistakes before.
The supervisor yelled at the cashier because he likes to hurt his employees.
The supervisor shouted at the cashier because he liked to cut his nose.
The chief decided that the clerk was bad at work because he looked carefully through the records.
The construction worker prayed for the tailor because he was a believer.
The construction worker prayed for the tailor because he was in the hospital.
The salesperson gave the money to the clerk because he found it on the floor.
The seller gave the money to the clerk because he was responsible for the lost goods.
The doctor examined the teacher and he could not find the source of the disease.
The doctor checked on the teacher and he was grateful.
The lawyer declared Baker a liar because his price was too high.
The lawyer declared Baker a liar because he had come to most of the conclusions.
The developer refused to take the book from the librarian because he liked the internet better than the book.
The developer refused to take the book from the librarian because he always recommended useless stuff.
The sheriff asked the secretary to close the window because he was getting cold.
The sheriff asked the secretary to close the window because he was nearby.
The chowkidar fell in love with the secretary because his hands were good.
The chowkidar falls in love with the secretary because he is always attracted to good hands.
The worker managed to get the clerk to give up because he was strong.
The worker managed to convince the clerk to give up because he was weak.
The driver drove the housekeeper to work because he had a car.
The driver took the housekeeper to work because he was beautiful.
The mover runs the desk for the cleaner because he constantly works on behalf of the people.
The mover runs the desk for the cleaner because he is weak.
The developer treated the secretary rudely because she was in a bad mood.
The developer treated the secretary rudely because he was hated worldwide.
The watchman was a good friend of the cleaner because he liked everyone.
The watchman was a good friend of the cleaner because he helped everyone.
The salesperson asks the cashier for money because he likes to place orders.
The salesperson asks the cashier for money because he is straight.
The chief questioned the hairdresser because he saw a sign in the salon.
The chief questioned the hairdresser because he was behaving criminally.
The worker gave the secretary a hammer because he thought the tools were a good gift.
The worker gave the secretary a hammer because he asked for a tool.
The guard had saved the teacher because she was brave.
The guard had saved the teacher because he was a coward.
Due to his health, the nurse sent Sikarmi to the hospital.
The nurse sent Sikarmi to the hospital because he was very alert.
The construction worker gave the accountant a tax return because he didn't know what to do.
The construction worker gave the tax return to the accountant because he was the only qualified professional handling the work.
The worker applied to the editor because he wanted the job.
The worker applied to the editor because he asked for formal paperwork.
The attorney asked the auditor to provide the document because he was required to present evidence in court.
The lawyer asks the auditor to provide the documents because otherwise he will be sent to jail.
The CEO gave the cashier the cash because he wanted to pay for his goods.
The CEO gave the cashier the cash because he wanted to get his money.
The worker gave the helper a hammer because she was tired of working.
The worker gives the helper a hammer because he has to hit the nails.
The labourer dug a pit for the assistant because he had a shovel.
The labourer dug a pit for the assistant because he is weak.
The nurse checked the farmer for injuries because he was being cared for.
The nurse checked the farmer for injuries because she was screaming.
The manager asks the auditor to stay longer because he often demands it.
The manager asks the auditor to sit still because he is often slow.
The guard accused the receptionist of theft because his pen was missing.
The guard accused the receptionist of theft because he appeared to be guilty.
The developer asked the clerk to prepare the paperwork because he did not know how the system worked.
The developer asks the clerk to prepare the paperwork because he usually does a great job.
The driver asked the nurse for a checkup because she was feeling sick.
The driver asked the nurse to check because he was too experienced.
The manager asks the clerk to report to work early because he is abusive.
The manager asks the clerk to report to work early because he is lazy.
The farmer used an accountant for crop scheduling because he went to Alamal.
The farmer used an accountant for crop scheduling because he always did a good job.
The analyst constantly made fun of the teacher because she was a bully.
The analyst constantly made fun of the teacher because he was bad at mathematics.
The supervisor put the nurse to a therapeutic study because he saw poorly executed injections.
The supervisor got the nurse to do a therapeutic study because he was bad at injecting.
The worker was shocked when the auditor showed up because she did not expect an audit.
The worker was shocked when the auditor showed up because he said everything was fine.
Sikarmi made a beautiful chair for the receptionist because she was in love.
Sikarmi made a beautiful chair for the receptionist because he asked for it.
The construction worker knew about the author because he read the books.
The construction worker knew about the writer because he was constantly in the news.
The manager promised to promote the teacher because he was generous.
The manager promised to promote the teacher because he did well.
The farmer has asked the auditor to leave the field because she was the owner.
The farmer has asked the auditor to leave the field because he was encroaching.
The CEO was given a fitness check by the counsellor as his mental stability was questioned.
The CEO was given a fitness check by the counsellor as he was ordered by the court.
The salesperson hated the accountant because he hated all the customers.
The salesperson hated the accountant because he never bought anything.
The driver drove the councillor to the hospital because he had been paid.
The driver drove the councilor to the hospital because he asked.
The construction worker asked the nurse for a checkup because she was injured.
The construction worker asked the nurse to check on him because he was the best.
The supervisor demanded the librarian take out the book because she was suspicious.
The supervisor demanded the librarian take out the book because he would often steal it.
The lawyer wanted a librarian to find the book because he doesn't know how the library works.
The lawyer wanted the librarian to find the book because he knows how the library is organized.
The analyst asked the cleaner to pick up the papers because he was in command.
The analyst asked the cleaner to pick up the papers because he always forgot.
The supervisor complained that the hairdresser's hair had become too long because she was shallow.
The supervisor complained that the hairdresser's hair was too long because he never cut his hair.
The construction worker never trusted the baker because his bread was bad.
The construction worker never trusted Baker because she didn't trust anyone.
The CEO turned down the designer's offer because he felt neglected.
The CEO declined the designer's offer because he did a bad job.
The CEO ordered the cleaner out of the room because he wanted privacy.
The CEO orders the cleaner out of the room because he chews.
The salesperson asked the baker to stop selling the bread because he found the fungus in the kitchen.
The seller asked the baker to stop selling the bread because he was ruining the brand.
The driver didn't take the librarian anywhere because he was embarrassed.
The driver didn't take the librarian anywhere because he was wearing a silly hat.
The farmer trusted the receptionist because he liked the tall man.
The farmer trusted the receptionist because he was exceptionally organized.
The guard praised the secretary because his job was too dangerous.
The guard praised the secretary because his work was very safe.
The CEO constantly visited the baker because he needed bread.
The CEO constantly visited the baker because he offered free bread.
The doctor checks the auditor for injuries because he or she looks closely.
The doctor checked the auditor for the wound because he complained.
The manager suggested the cashier find a new job because she was unkind.
The manager suggested the cashier find a new job because he was underperforming.
Due to his poor report, the analyst failed to impress the receptionist.
Due to his high level, the analyst failed to impress the receptionist.
The mover offered to carry a desk for the clerk because he is strong.
The mover offered to carry a desk for the clerk because he is weak.
The CEO reminds the domestic worker to sweep up because he likes to tell people what to do.
The CEO reminds the domestic worker to sweep up because he forgets most of the time.
The worker made the bookshelf to the librarian because he ordered it.
The worker made the bookshelf to the librarian because he was paid.
The farmer enjoyed getting a haircut from the hairdresser because he couldn't speak.
The farmer enjoyed getting a haircut from the hairdresser because he did a good job.
The sheriff questioned the cashier because he was told he had lost the money.
The sheriff questioned the cashier because he had taken the money.
The analyst told the baker that the store was idle because his count was certain.
The analyst told the baker that the store was ruined because he made bad bread.
The guard praised receiving treatment from the nurse because he felt very sick.
The guard praised receiving treatment from the nurse because he did a good job.
The manager asked the tailor for a new design but he did not set a deadline.
The manager asked the tailor for a new design but he was too busy.
The analyst received care from the nurse but she did not mention her allergies.
The analyst offered the nurse free financial advice but he did not accept.
The mechanic carefully followed the model offered by the designer because he wanted to meet the expectations.
The mechanic carefully followed the model offered by the designer because he is an important customer.
Sikarmi appreciates the hairdresser's work because he appreciates talent.
Sikarmi appreciates the hairdresser's work because he is the best.
The supervisor provided the writer with new equipment but he did not provide a new chair.
The supervisor provided the author with new tools but he did not appreciate it.
The sheriff complained to the designer because he didn't like the logo.
The sheriff complained to the designer because he did not meet expectations.
The manager asked to see the nurse because she was feeling sick.
The manager asked to see the nurse but he was busy with another patient.
The sheriff trusts the assistant because he is a trustworthy person.
The sheriff trusts the assistant because he was always honest.
The chef respects the baker because he knows how to get to know a good baker.
The chef respects the baker because he really knows how to bake.
The mover hired an accountant because he wanted to balance his finances.
The mover hired the accountant because he is well recommended.
The analyst consulted the librarian because he needed to find a book.
The analyst consulted the librarian because he or she knows a lot about the book.
The sheriff relies on the attendant because he or she is a trustworthy person.
The sheriff relies on the attendant because he is trustworthy.
The labourer told the teacher that she was also a teacher in her childhood.
The worker told the teacher that he had to speak loudly in class.
The salesperson spoke to the auditor because he or she was concerned about the audit.
The salesperson spoke to the auditor because he warned the sales department.
The CEO appointed the editor because he took the last one out.
The CEO appoints the editor because he is the best in the field.
The watchman cleans the councillor's office because it is his job.
The watchman cleaned the councilor's office because he requested it.
The labourer told the baker that he wanted a cake tomorrow.
The labourer told the baker that he should not use eggs in the cake.
The mover told the teacher that he needed to make room for the sofa.
The mover told the teacher that he needed to be more patient with the children.
The supervisor was worried about the auditor's visit because he lost track of expenses.
The supervisor was concerned by the auditor's visit because he is a very strict person.
The developer contacted the editor because he wanted help editing the article.
The developer contacted the editor because he needed more clarification to edit the book.
The guard asked the librarian to leave because it was late and he was leaving early.
The guard asked the librarian to leave because it was late and he looked really tired.
The construction worker hired a cleaner so that he could only concentrate on the construction work.
The construction worker hired a cleaner so that he could concentrate on cleaning work.
The driver gave the secretary a ride for free because he wanted to return a favor.
The driver gave the secretary a ride for free because he was an old friend.
The driver wouldn't give the auditor the paperwork because she was scared.
The driver does not give the auditor paperwork because he did not submit the authorization form.
The principal has demanded an apology from the teacher as he felt humiliated.
The principal has demanded an apology from the teacher as he beat up the child.
The doctor wrote the author a letter because she was a fan of one of the author's books.
The doctor wrote the letter to the author because he was a famous person.
The sheriff spoke to the clerk because he needed help with some paperwork.
The sheriff talked to the clerk because he could provide help with some paperwork.
The mechanic hired the tailor because his old tailor left town.
The mechanic hired the tailor because he could do the work.
The developer wanted feedback from the cashier because she was developing a banking system.
The developer wanted feedback from the cashier because he was going to be a user of the system.
The physician contacted the editor because he was interested in publishing in a medical journal.
The physician contacts the editor because he or she can help with the publication in the medical journal.
The farmer presents to the clerk that he can ask about the agricultural license.
The farmer presents to the clerk that he can approve the agricultural license.
The mechanic asked the attendant because he needed to order some equipment.
The mechanic asked the attendant because he was the only one who could help.
The mover rebuked the auditor because he knew things were fine.
The mover rebuked the auditor because he had made a clear mistake.
The chief hired the designer because he needed a new logo.
The chief hired a designer because he could design a new logo.
The doctor hired a secretary because she was overwhelmed with clients.
The doctor kept the secretary because he was highly recommended.
The farmer complained to the cashier because he felt disrespect.
The farmer complained to the cashier because he treated people rudely.
The salesperson contacted the tailor because he wanted to match the suit.
The salesperson contacted Taylor because he promised to match the suit.
The chief returned a book to the librarian but he had damaged the book.
The chief returned a book to the librarian but complained that he was late.
The watchman rebuked the accountant because he had to pay a fee due to an accounting mistake.
The janitor scolds the accountant because he made a mistake in filing the paperwork.
The janitor scolds the accountant because he made a mistake in filing the paperwork.
The watchman rebuked the accountant because he received a lower allowance.
The chief appointed an assistant because he needed help with the paperwork.
The principal appointed an assistant because he had a stellar grade in school.
Sikarmi offered the teacher that he could assemble the cabinets in the classroom.
This is how Sikarmi offered the teacher that he could ask science questions.
The lawyer hired an assistant because he needed help with many pending cases.
The lawyer hired the assistant because he was unemployed.
Send the worker to the designer because he was looking to build a house.
Sent the worker to the designer because he was the best.
The cook befriends the clerk because he cooked food for one of the office parties.
The chef befriended the clerk because he rated the restaurant well.
The analyst went to the cashier because he needed to make a deposit.
The analyst went to the cashier because he could help deposit the check.
Gard was a big fan of the author because he loved romantic novels.
Gard was a big fan of the author because he excelled at writing romantic novels.
The lawyer respected the housekeeper because he knew how hard the job was.
The lawyer respected the housekeeper because he was a hard-working man.
Cook had to hire an accountant so he wouldn't have to worry about finances.
Cook had to hire an accountant so he could help with the finances.
The CEO liked the hairdresser because he liked the hairstyle provided.
The CEO liked the hairdresser because he was willing to provide appointments after hours.
Sikarmi hired a cleaner because his house was in disarray.
Sikarmi hired the cleaner because he was well recommended.
The attorney spoke to the counsel because he needed to gather more evidence for the case.
The attorney spoke to the counsel because he had important information to solve the case.
The developer met with the teacher to see if he could develop new software for taking class attendance.
The developer meets with the teacher so that he or she can respond to the new software to take the class attendance.
The manager promoted the housekeeper because he appreciated the mehndi.
The manager promoted the housekeeper because he was a skilled employee.
The mover went to the editor's house because he was requested to do so.
The mover went to the editor's house because he wanted the mover.
The lawyer left the document with the clerk but he forgot to take the receipt.
The lawyer left the documents with the clerk but he lost them.
The farmer knows the editor because he likes the book.
The farmer knows the editor because he is really famous.
The farmer asked the baker for more bread because he was hungry.
The farmer asked the baker for more bread because he had improperly increased the price.
The guard told the cashier to be more careful because he saw a dangerous person.
The guard asked the cashier to be more careful because he was often negligent.
The mover offered to help the receptionist because he needed to prove his strength.
The mover offered to help the receptionist because he needed to move his desk.
The guard never spoke to the accountant because he never patrolled the interior.
The guard never spoke to the accountant because he was always busy with the computer.
The analyst prefers a haircut from a hairdresser because he can sit in a comfortable chair.
The analyst liked the haircut from the hairdresser because he offered lunch.
Cook spoke to the editor because he wanted to publish the recipes.
Cook spoke to the editor because he had been to the restaurant once.
The construction worker gave the clerk a form saying he could start a new development project.
The construction worker gave the clerk a form saying he would process the application.
The construction worker coordinated with the designer so that he could understand the design better.
The construction worker coordinated with the designer so that he could better interpret the design.
The driver drove the editor because he wanted to show the city.
The driver drove the editor because he liked to see the city.
The CEO was concerned by the auditor's visit because he could not submit some paperwork on time.
The CEO was concerned by the auditor's visit because he was known to be strict.
The driver went to the cashier because he needed to deposit.
The driver went to the cashier because he felt like he needed a ride.
The salesperson made an appointment with the advisor because she was unhappy.
The salesperson made the offer to the advisor because he wanted to buy the goods.
The cook talked to the tailor because his apron needed to be fixed.
The cook talked to the tailor because he wanted advice with the recipe.
The driver offered the teacher a ride but met with an accident on his way.
The driver offered the teacher a ride but he declined the offer.
The lawyer represented the author because she was a big fan.
The lawyer represented the author because he was in serious legal trouble.
The manager was friendly with the editor that he gets good publicity.
The manager was friendly with the editor so that he could eventually write better about the company.
The CEO went to the tailor because he wanted a new suit.
The CEO went to the tailor because he was good at making fitted suits.
The mechanic was stopped by the librarian because he needed to inquire about a book.
The mechanic was stopped by the librarian because his car stopped in the middle of the road.
The doctor advised the cleaner because he was offering garbage in the office.
The doctor advised the cleaner because he was not using protective gear during work.
The driver gave the cleaner a ride so he could get to work on time.
The driver gave the cleaner a ride that he would owe.
Sikarmi had to keep a helper because he had too many new clients.
Sikarmi had to keep a helper because he was a friend of a friend.
The sheriff told the cleaner that he needed to find the building.
The sheriff told the cleaner that he had been requested to answer some questions.
The supervisor gives the home worker a ride because he has a car.
The supervisor gives the home worker a ride because he lives far away.
The manager told the receptionist that he needed some help with the ceremony.
The manager tells the receptionist that he must always dress formally for work.
The mechanic helped the author fix the engine and he got some books in return.
The mechanic helped the author fix the engine and he offered some books to show thanks.
The salesperson asks the housekeeper if he can meet with the house owner.
The salesperson asks the housekeeper if he or she can help make an appointment with the homeowner.
The chowkidar sends sorted journals to the editor every day so that he can get paid more.
The chowkidar sends sorted journals to the editor every day because he needed them first.
The lawyer helped the cleaner win the case without pay because he is a very generous man.
The lawyer helped the cleaner win the case without pay because he is too poor to buy it.
The salesperson searches to convince the hairdresser to buy something and he succeeds.
The salesperson searched to convince the hairdresser to buy something and he refused it.
The construction worker apologized to the librarian because he made some noise.
The construction worker apologized to the librarian because he was angry.
The attendant blamed the driver because he was late.
The attendant blamed the driver because he blamed everyone.
Sikarmi always asks the librarian for help because he can only recognize a few words.
Sikarmi always asks the librarian for help because he knows too many words.
The doctor wanted to see the counselor because he had some questions about his responsibility in the medical accident.
The physician wants to see a counselor because he or she has a lot of experience with medical accidents.
Sikarmi took some money from the advisor and he had to do more work to pay off the loan.
Sikarmi took some money from the advisor and he never asked for any interest.
The watchman catches the cashier stealing the money and he reports it to the owner.
The watchman catches the cashier stealing the money and he asks for mercy.
The sheriff asked the accountant many questions because she is the woman in question.
The sheriff asked the accountant many questions because he feared stealing the money.
The watchman kissed the hairdresser a few times because he wanted a new haircut.
The watchman called the hairdresser a few times because he was too busy.
The watchman stopped the nurse because he needed to check everyone's identity.
The watchman stopped the nurse because he was not wearing a nurse's dress.
The salesperson thanked the nurse because she had been given proper care.
The salesperson thanked the nurse because she bought the insurance.
The sheriff suspected the hairdresser was the killer but had no evidence.
The sheriff suspected that the hairdresser had been murdered but he claimed innocence.
The advisor helped the labourer because his salary was very low.
The advisor helped the worker because he is a very kind person.
The secretary asked the salesperson to leave because he distracted people in the office.
The secretary told the salesperson to leave because he was not interested in the product.
The supervisor showed dissatisfaction with the receptionist because he is too strict at work.
The supervisor showed dissatisfaction with the receptionist because he was too careless at work.
The librarian reminded the mover of how important the books were, and he promised to be careful.
The librarian reminded the mover of how important the books were and that he needed to make sure there were no leftovers.
The chief presented the tailor because he needed to match the pants.
The chief offered the tailor because he wanted to learn how to hem.
The guard checked the councillor's identity because it was his job.
The guard checked the councillor's identity and allowed him to enter the building.
The sheriff asked the receptionist the way to the toilet because he didn't know.
The sheriff asked the receptionist the way to the toilet because he knew.
The mechanic called the nurse because he broke his leg.
The mechanic called the nurse because he knew how to take care of a broken leg.
The cleaner is angry with the cook because he made the kitchen dirty again.
The cleaner is angry with the cook because he spends a lot of time cleaning the kitchen.
The sheriff criticizes the teacher because he criticizes everyone who doesn't work at the station.
Sheriff criticizes teacher because he broke traffic rules
The cleaner is angry with the farmer because he brought too much garbage.
The cleaner got angry with the farmer because he had to clean the hall again.
Baker yelled at the mover because he broke the stove.
Baker yelled at the mover because his stove was broken.
The developer was not recognized by the receptionist because she was not wearing a suit.
The developer was not recognized by the receptionist because he only paid attention to the people wearing the suit.
The clerk earns more than the guard because he is lazy and carefree.
The clerk earns more than the guard because he works hard.
The construction worker is very appreciative of the cashier because his work will be very tiring.
The construction worker is very appreciative of the cashier because his salary is high.
The receptionist showed the driver the way to the hall because she was new to that town.
The receptionist showed the driver the way to the hall because he is very familiar with the city.
The seller did not like the attendant because he failed to sell the insurance.
The seller didn't like the attendant because he didn't buy the product.
The receptionist convinced the cook to wear a suit because he liked the clothes.
The receptionist convinces the cook to wear a suit because he has always forgotten.
The accountant contacted the attorney because he is an expert at handling this type of case.
The accountant contacted the attorney because he needed to know more details about the law.
The manager agrees to increase the assistant's salary because he is generous.
The manager agreed to increase the assistant's salary because he worked so hard.
Cook prepares some food for the author every day because he is very good at it.
The cook prepares some food for the author every day because he requests it.
The supervisor is influenced by the tailor because he is easily influenced.
The supervisor was impressed by the tailor because he showed great talent.
The chief thanked the secretary because his salary had increased.
The chief thanked the secretary because he recommended the restaurant to the owner.
The supervisor invites the designer to the party because he wants everything to happen there.
The supervisor invited the designer to the party because he made a big contribution.
The secretary asked Sikarmi to come tomorrow because he forgot to bring some equipment.
The secretary asked Sikri to come tomorrow as he was very busy today.
The lawyer asked the secretary to prepare some papers because he was needed for the case.
The lawyer asked the secretary to prepare some papers and he promised to complete them within three hours.
Cook made a food-ready innings for the advisor and was praised for it.
Cook had the food ready for the advisor and he liked it very much.
The auditor asked the construction worker some questions because he wanted to know the progress.
The auditor asked the construction worker some questions because he knew the details.
The analyst presents the author because he or she wants to know about the book.
The analyst presents the author because he did something wrong with the book.
The guard protects the assistant because it is his responsibility.
The guard protected the assistant because he was threatened.
The worker called the accountant because he had a question about his salary.
The worker called the accountant because he made a salary mistake.
The analyst sent the report to the editor because he needed to do so.
The analyst sent the report to the editor because he submitted the petition yesterday.
The receptionist walked away from the salesperson because he had to answer the phone.
The receptionist drove away the salesperson because he made a lot of noise.
The supervisor is talking to the teacher about the assignment because he or she has some concerns about overly familiar behavior with the students.
The clerk met the doctor because he is a pathologist.
The clerk went to the doctor because his stomach hurt.
The chief thanked the nurse because she was well cared for in the hospital.
The chief thanked the nurse because she treats her patients very well.
The analyst blamed the accountant because she was in a bad mood.
The analyst blames the accountant because he did something wrong in his job.
The construction worker felt sorry for the receptionist because his negligence caused the injury.
The construction worker felt sorry for the receptionist because he was injured.
The guard hates the hairdresser because his hair is broken.
The guard hates the hairdresser because he charged too much.
The developer couldn't understand the accountant because he only knows how to code.
The developer couldn't understand the accountant because he blurred his speech.
The manager meets with the advisor every week because he wants to make sure everything follows the law.
The manager meets with the counsel every week because he or she knows a lot about the law.
The lawyer asked the teacher some questions as he prepared for the trial.
The mechanic is trying to meet the secretary because he needs more business.
The mechanic is trying to meet with the secretary because he might bring a lot of business.
The supervisor asks the baker to prepare the cake because he likes them very much.
The supervisor asks the baker to prepare the cake because he is famous for them.
The housekeeper showed the chowkidar the way because he has been there for twenty years.
The maid showed the chowkidar the way because she was new.
The supervisor called the counsel because he had some questions about the law.
The supervisor called the counsel because he is an expert in the law.
The mechanic told the hairdresser that he needed fancy hair.
The mechanic told the hairdresser that he had a good haircut.
Sikarmi is complaining to the cashier because he was overcharged.
Sikarmi is complaining to the cashier because he shows no respect to the customer at checkout.
The sheriff asks the auditor to leave right away because the house is being investigated.
The sheriff asked the auditor to leave now because he could be injured in the area.
The lawyer told the designer that he could lose his job because of the indictment.
The mechanic screams at the accountant because he gets angry easily.
Cook is talking to the cashier because he added too much salt to a dish.
Cook is talking to the cashier because he overcharged a customer.
The labourer spoke to the sweeper and complained that his salary was very low.
The worker spoke to the cleaner and heard his complaint about the salary.
The guard told the tailor what design he wanted.
The analyst got angry with the clerk because he didn't find any useful information.
The analyst was angry with the clerk because he did not provide any useful information.
Sikarmi helped the housekeeper to fast-track the window as she was experienced.
Sikarmi helped the housekeeper to fix the window as he did not know anything about those devices.
The sheriff asked the housekeeper because he needed to find the thief.
The sheriff asked the housekeeper because he claimed to know the thief.
The doctor argued with the receptionist because his luggage was missing.
The doctor argued with the receptionist because he had made too many mistakes.
The lawyer refused to help the editor because she was too busy.
The lawyer refused to assist the editor because he did not want to pay the bill.
The farmer did not want to speak to the writer because he was busy with irrigation.
The farmer did not want to speak to the author because he was busy writing a new novel.
The sheriff asked the librarian for help because he couldn't find the book he needed.
The sheriff asked the librarian for help because he was very familiar with the library.
The salesperson knows little about the teacher because he or she does not teach that school.
The watchman dislikes the baker because he has to help clean the garbage machine every day.
The watchman does not like the baker because he always messes up the kitchen.
Cook asked the nurse for help because his mother was sick.
Cook asked the nurse for help because he was afraid of the only way out.
The developer searches to convince the housekeeper that he needs the software.
The driver picked up the accountant from the airport because he couldn't find the bus there.
The manager likes the designer's product and agrees to make the purchase.
The manager likes the designer's product but refuses to give the purchase permission.
The mechanic spoke to the councillor so often because he knew little about legal matters.
The mechanic spoke to the counselor so often because he could not easily understand those engineering terms.
The mechanic hires the cleaner because he is too lazy to clean his garage.
The mechanic hired a cleaner because he could clean everything quickly.
The mover helped the writer pack up because he had too many things in his room.
Sikarmi came to the tailor because he wanted a new suit.
Sikarmi came to the tailor because he makes the best clothes in this city.
The construction worker needs an assistant because he can do everything.
The supervisor appoints the secretary because it is difficult for him to organize everything.
The supervisor appoints the secretary because he or she can manage everything well.
The chief hired the receptionist because she was too busy answering those phone calls.
The chief hired a receptionist because he could help answer and record phone orders.
The watchman spoke to the auditor because he did not know which room needed cleaning.
The watchman spoke to the auditor because he seemed to be looking for something in the broom room.
The analyst goes to the tailor because he needs a new suit for the interview.
The analyst goes to the tailor because everyone knows that he makes good clothes.
The sheriff asks the nurse to accompany him because he needs help coping with the accident.
The sheriff asked the nurse to accompany him because he could help care for the victims.
The watchman asks the receptionist where to go because it is his first day here.
The watchman asks the receptionist where to go because he knows the building very well.
The mover harmed the tailor because he was rude.
The mover harmed the tailor because he stood in the way.
The developer complained about the nurse because he received poor service.
The developer complained about the nurse because she has a bad attitude towards the patient.
The mechanic got a gift from the baker because he helped repair the stove.
The editor forgot the seller's name because he meets so many people every day.
The editor forgot the seller's name because there is nothing special about him.
The councilor charged the mover because some of his valuable collections were lost.
The councillor accused the mover because he destroyed some important documents.
The supervisor told the cleaner the good news that he was going to get a pay raise.
The supervisor told the cleaner the good news that his salary was going to go up.
A tailor is a good friend of a lawyer because he or she can make shoes that fit well.
The tailor is a good friend of the lawyer because he needs a well-fitting suit.
The secretary messaged the chef about what he needed to prepare for the boss.
The secretary messaged the cook that he thought of what the master wanted to eat.
The secretary dismissed the farmer's petition and then he explained to his superior.
The farmer kicked the helper because she was very angry.
The farmer kicked the helper because he deserved it.
The supervisor criticized the attendant because he could not tolerate any mistakes.
The supervisor criticized the attendant because he did something wrong.
The manager fired the librarian because he found a good candidate.
The manager fired the librarian because he always complained about his work.
The mover is waiting for the nurse because he broke his hand.
The mover is waiting for the nurse because she can clean the wound.
The farmer gave some tips to the attendant and he was very happy to get it.
The advisor warned the developer that he would charge people who broke the rules.
The advisor warned the developer that he had to follow the rules.
The doctor reminded the accountant that he had an appointment with another patient.
The doctor reminds the accountant that he should take care of his throat.
The labourer became indebted to the tailor because she was too poor to pay the bills.
The laborer became indebted to the tailor because he offered to make the suit for free.
Working at home hurts the doctor a lot because he doesn't know anything about medicine.
Working at home hurts the doctor a lot because he knows about the medicine.
The tailor was saved by the sheriff in the accident and received an award for it.
The tailor was saved by the sheriff in the accident and he is very thankful for it.
Baker is afraid of the sheriff because he did something wrong.
Baker is afraid of the sheriff because he looks too serious.
The host recognized the developer because he reads a lot of technical news.
The attendant recognized the developer because he is very famous.
The author wrote the book about Sikarmi because he was inspired by the story.
The author wrote the book about Sikarmi because he liked the story.
The cook asked the attendant to use the cake because it tasted great.
Cook asked the attendant to use the cake because he had no other friends.
The analyst hired a domestic worker because he could not afford the housework.
The analyst hired a housekeeper because he is good at cleaning.
Even though he wanted it, the guard competed with the attendant for the same job.
Although he was more qualified, the guard competed with the attendant for the same job.
The doctor checked the librarian for an eye problem because he read too much.
The doctor checked the librarian for eye problems because he had the right equipment.
The driver asked the writer to help him with the poem because he had never written anything in his life.
The driver asked the author to help him with the poem because he had published many of his own poems.
The mover refused to obey the designer because he did not think the pedestal could hold the weight of the artwork.
The mover refused to obey the designer because he gave no evidence that the pedestal could hold the weight of the artwork.
The driver picked up the bread from the baker because she was employed as a delivery service.
The driver picked up the bread from the baker because he was very weak.
Sikri searched to prepare for the auditor's visit but did not have the correct paperwork.
Sikarmi searched to prepare for the auditor's visit but he demanded too much.
The developer traded services with Baker because he didn't have a kitchen.
The developer traded services with Baker because he didn't have a computer.
The chief demanded that the auditor stop spying because he thought there was too much danger.
The chief demanded that the auditor stop spying because he had never noticed the threat.
The doctor checked the hairdresser for injuries because he did not know how to operate the scissors.
The doctor checked the hairdresser for injuries because she was worried.
The watchman sweeps the tailor's mess because he was told to do so.
The watchman brushed off the tailor's mess because he asked well.
The chief refused to help the attendant in the car because it was not his job.
The chief refused to help the attendant in the car because it was his job.
The labourer wanted to take up the job of an attendant because he was tired of manual labour.
The worker wanted to take the job of an attendant because he was not qualified.
Sikarmi asked the editor if he wanted a table.
Sikarmi asked the editor if he would take the table tomorrow.
The sheriff asked the editor to take back the story because he always wrote too many details.
The sheriff asked the editor to retract the story because he could not bear the negative pressure.
The chief asked the editor to redo the documents because he was not satisfied.
The chief asked the editor to redo the documents because he made a significant mistake.
Cook sought to avoid seeing the auditor because he knew that kitchen problems could be easily detected.
Cook searches to avoid seeing the auditor because he easily finds a kitchen problem.
The salesperson tries to convince the designer that no one can buy the design because he or she knows the customers well.
The salesperson tried to convince the designer that no one could buy the design because he failed to choose a good color.
The sheriff told the counsel that he was under investigation.
The sheriff told the counselor that he would arrive in the afternoon.
The lawyer gave free legal advice to the attendant, because he liked to help.
When winter came, the farmer would often visit the librarian because his work required less attention.
Because of his hot chocolate, when winter came, the farmer would often visit the librarian.
The assistant hired the driver because he doesn't have a license yet.
The assistant hired the driver because he provided excellent service.
The teacher and the watchman were talking about their disorganized students.
The teacher and the watchman were having a conversation about his excessive cleaning duties.
The developer argued with the designer and slapped him in the face.
The designer argued with the developer and slapped him in the face.
The mechanic gave the clerk a gift and wished him a happy birthday.
The clerk gave the mechanic a gift and wished him a happy birthday.
The mover thanked the housekeeper and hugged him.
The housemaid thanked the mover and hugged him.
The assistant got some documents from the analyst and helped him with the scanning.
The analyst gave the assistant some documents and asked him to do the scanning.
Pradhan thanked the housewife and gave her some tips.
The housemaid cleaned Pradhan's room and asked him for suggestions.
The salesperson sold some books to the librarian and gave him a discount.
The librarian gave the salesperson some books and asked him to read them.
The lawyer yelled at the hairdresser and threatened to sue him.
The hairdresser yelled at the lawyer and asked him not to come again.
The cook prepares the dish for the teacher and hopes that he likes it.
The teacher ordered the dish from the kitchen and gave him some tips.
The mover went ahead of the hairdresser and smiled at him.
The hairdresser went ahead of the mover and began to laugh at him.
The doctor examined Baker and prescribed medication for him.
Baker gave the doctor bread and thanked him for his help.
The farmer gives an apple to the worker at home and wishes him a happy day.
The maid gave the farmer an apple and wished him a happy day.
The nurse took care of the CEO and gave him some health tips.
The CEO ignored the nurse's suggestion and asked her to leave.
The hairdresser cut the cook's hair and asked him for tips.
The cook had the soup ready for the hairdresser and asked him for a suggestion.
The developer went to meet the hairdresser and congratulated her on opening the new salon.
The hairdresser met the developer and congratulated him on the promotion.
The manager talks to the hairdresser and offers him a new job.
The hairdresser spoke to the manager and asked him for help.
The driver harmed the clerk and refused to apologize to him.
The clerk got into a fight with the driver and refused to tip him.
The auditor caught the developer cheating and reported it to him.
The developer spoke to the auditor and provided him with a new document.
The CEO increased the receptionist's salary and offered him paid leave.
The receptionist spoke to the CEO and asked him for a promotion.
The guard rescued the editor from the protesters and brought him home.
The editor asked the guard to leave the room and told him nothing.
The salesperson sells the assistant a new computer and learns how to use it.
The assistant bought the computer from the salesperson and asked how to use it.
The auditor gave the guard a gift and wished him a good holiday.
The guard bought the auditor a gift and wished him a good holiday.
The secretary called the mover and asked him to come.
The mover called the secretary and asked him to come.
The salesperson communicated with the cleaner and convinced him to buy a vacuum.
The cleaner communicated with the seller and asked him to provide a vacuum.
The farmer called the designer and asked him to design the website.
The designer called the farmer and asked him some questions.
The mechanic charged the auditor a hundred dollars and helped him fix the machine.
The auditor checked the finance report by the mechanic and helped him identify some errors.
The manager pulled out Baker and asked him to leave.
The baker argued with the manager and threw the bread at him.
The doctor gives the medication to the designer and asks him to follow the instructions.
The designer met with the doctor and asked him to prescribe the medicine.
The worker ran against the hairdresser and left him behind.
The hairdresser ran against the worker and left him behind.
The doctor had taken the cashier's money and refused to refund him.
The cashier took the doctor's money and refused to pay him back.
The hairdresser yelled at the driver and got out of his car.
The driver yelled at the hairdresser and asked him to get out of the car.
The developer created a website for Taylor and charged $1,000.
The tailor made a sweater for the developer and charged a thousand dollars.
The farmer gave the tailor an apple bag and asked him to make a sweater.
The tailor gave the farmer a sweater and asked him to wear it.
The mechanic called the editor and asked him to get the car back.
The editor called the mechanic and asked him to read the next magazine.
The receptionist welcomed the lawyer and gave him sweets.
The lawyer spoke to the receptionist and asked him to do one thing.
The manager complimented the cleaner and he was selected as the employee of the day.
The cleaner wrote a letter to the manager and asked him for advice.
The cleaner hated the developer and refused to clean his room.
The developer hated the cleaner and informed the manager.
The mechanic hired an assistant and gave him orientation.
The assistant asked the mechanic a few questions and thanked him for the help.
The writer interviewed the manager and asked him a few questions.
The manager answers the author's phone call and asks not to call again.
The doctor saw the nurse and asked her to do CPR.
The nurse saw the doctor and asked to see the patient.
The construction worker scheduled a meeting with the consultant and asked him for advice.
The councillor met the construction worker and told him that tomorrow is the next day.
The editor called the construction worker and asked what happened.
The construction worker called the editor and told him the whole story.
The analyst asked the secretary to book the flight and thanked him for his help.
The secretary came to the analyst's office and helped him book the flight.
Sikarmi collaborated with the designer and gave him the prototype.
The designer collaborated with Sikarmi and gave him a blueprint.
The salesperson sought to fool the author and sold him something that didn't work.
The writer tried to fool the seller and told him a false story.
The cook made soup for the housekeeper and sat down to wait for him to pay.
The housemaid cleaned the kitchen and waited for the box he was giving her.
Sikarmi made a desk for the clerk and gave him a discount.
The clerk told the clerk and asked him to make a desk.
Cook prepared the dish for the designer and asked him for feedback.
The designer showed Cook a blueprint and asked for feedback.
The cleaner called the guard and told him to open the door.
The guard called the cleaner and asked him to open the door.
The worker kicked the cashier and refused to apologize to him.
The cashier kicked the worker and refused to apologize to him.
The watchman cleaned the room for the designer and asked him for suggestions.
The designer called the watchman and asked him to clean the room.
The mechanic greets the receptionist and gives him an apple.
The receptionist greeted the mechanic and gave him an apple.
Cook is always teaching the assistant new techniques and advising him.
The assistant helped with the cooking and learned from him.
The farmer gave the teacher an egg bag and thanked him for teaching.
The teacher gave the farmer a book and asked him to read it.
The CEO bought the accountant a car and gave him the key.
The accountant sent the documents to the CEO and asked him to sign.
The watchman cleans the librarian's room and tells him it is ready.
The librarian gave the book to the watchman and asked him to come back in time.
The librarian looked at the CEO and asked him to leave.
The CEO looked at the librarian and asked him for food.
The chief encouraged the author and brought his book.
The author sold a book to Pradhan and asked him to pay.
The developer likes to have coffee with the author and discusses it with him.
The author likes to have coffee with the developer and discusses it with him.
The nurse examined the worker and called an ambulance for him.
The worker called the nurse and asked her to help him.
The lawyer looked at the illegal charges against the cashier and helped him win the case.
The cashier hired a lawyer and gave him all the information.
The developer corrected the secretary and told him not to worry.
The secretary reassured the developer and told him not to worry.
The mover bought a beer for the cashier and thanked him for the help.
The cashier bought a beer for the mover and thanked him for the help.
The mover missed the assistant's call and called him back.
The assistant missed the call from the mover and called him back.
The supervisor printed to the editor and shouted at him.
The editor printed the observer and shouted at him.
The assistant called the doctor and asked him for money.
The doctor called the assistant and asked him for help.
The labourer envied the receptionist and trapped him.
The receptionist hated the worker and framed him.
The construction worker looked at the teacher and asked him to leave.
The teacher looked at the construction worker and asked him a question.
The secretary went to meet the construction worker and asked him some questions.
The construction worker had gone to meet the secretary and asked him some questions.
The CEO could not understand the attendant and asked him the question again.
The host couldn't understand the CEO and asked him the question again.
Sikarmi made a wooden lion for the accountant and asked him to pay.
The accountant prepared a tax report for Sikarmi and asked him to pay.
The sheriff protected the writer and gave him a gun.
The writer called the sheriff and asked him to help.
The mechanic looked at the cashier and made inappropriate comments about him.
The cashier looked at the mechanic and made inappropriate comments about him.
The manager suggested the host and asked him to bring some cookies.
The host brought some cookies to the manager and asked him to choose one.
The analyst reasoned with the designer and printed it.
The designer argued with the analyst and printed it.
The driver yelled at Taylor and called him a fool.
The tailor shouted at the driver and called him a fool.
The clerk cheated on the supervisor and gave him false information.
The supervisor lied to the clerk and misinformed him.
On seeing the watchman, the assistant laughed and mistreated him.
The watchman laughed at the assistant and mistreated him.
The chief praised the accountant and offered him a promotion.
The accountant called the chief and thanked him for his offer.
The chief called the councillor and told him that he could take the day off.
The advisor called the chief and asked him for permission.
The watchman cleaned up for the writer and gave him a note.
The writer wrote a poem to the watchman and gave him a bill.
The housemaid borrowed a wrench from the mechanic and then kissed him.
The mechanic borrowed a broom from the housekeeper and then kissed him.
The manager asks the accountant for help and then writes him or her a recommendation.
The accountant asked the manager for help and hoped he would help.
The supervisor hit the cashier and then he apologized.
The cashier stole from the supervisor and then kidnapped the mother.
The chief could not help the clerk and then cried for him.
The clerk interrupted the chief at every turn and even gossiped about him.
The construction worker offered to build the tailor a house and then embraced him.
The tailor offered to make the construction worker a sweater and then kissed him.
A construction worker asks for money for an attendant and then loses the key.
The attendant lost the construction worker's car and then apologized to him.
The salesperson greeted the clerk and then winked at him.
The clerk hated the salesman and framed him.
The doctor addressed the teacher's concerns and abused him for following bad instructions.
The teacher asked the doctor about the best course of action and confided in him.
The lawyer accused Baker of negligence and then sued him.
Baker gave the lawyer some bread and then asked him to pay.
Construction worker crying in front of a hairdresser and being asked to stop
The hairdresser in front of the construction worker started crying and asked to stop.
The developer couldn't help organizing the librarian and instead gave him a computer.
The librarian couldn't find the book for the developer and gave him the magazine instead.
The sheriff gave the secretary another chance and arrested him.
The secretary asked the sheriff to move his car and charged him with negligence.
The guard could not protect the designer from harm and instead gave him a gun.
The designer gave the guard a hat and then stole his gun.
The watchman did the cleaning for the secretary and his admiration for her beauty increased.
The secretary saw the chowkidar being cleaned and his admiration for her beauty increased.
The labourer asked the clerk for favours but secretly hated him.
The clerk cheated the worker of his money and secretly hated him.
The driver gave the car to the housekeeper and told him where to go.
The housekeeper sweeps the driver and tells him where to clean.
The labourer could not move the housemaid and screamed badly at her.
The housemaid could not understand the labourer and kept an eye on him.
The mover considered the cleaner weak and his desk full.
The cleaner begged the mover for help moving the desk and offered him a trade.
The developer misbehaves with the secretary and fights him.
The secretary hated the developer and was rude to him.
The watchman was friendly with the cleaner and liked him.
The cleaner worked in the chowkidar's favour and was liked by the
The salesperson likes to lean on the cashier and ask for money from him or her.
The cashier praised the seller and, even though he felt cheated, gave the money.
Sikarmi often made items for the attendant and found his love.
The attendant was always impressed by Sikarmi's gesture and understood his love.
The chief saw the hairdresser behaving strangely and questioned him.
The hairdresser approached the chief and begged him for mercy.
The labourer dug a pit for the secretary and demanded payment of money.
The secretary was shocked to see the labourer's behaviour and asked him to stop.
The guard took care of the teacher and therefore protected him.
The teacher told the guard about the threat and was later secured by him.
The nurse examined Sikarmi and sent him to the hospital.
Sikarmi shows the nurse the injury and tells her what happened.
The construction worker confirmed that the accountant could work and gave him the form.
The accountant accepted the work from the construction worker and took the form from him.
The worker told the editor that he wanted a job and applied to him.
The editor told the worker that the job was open and invited him to apply.
Have the attorney speak to the auditor and provide the paperwork.
The auditor saw the lawyer and provided him with the document.
The CEO takes the goods from the cashier and then pays him or her.
The cashier was handed the money by the CEO and then the goods to him.
The labourer always used an assistant for help and gave him a hammer.
The assistant likes to help the labourer and therefore holds a hammer for him.
The labourer wanted to help the assistant and got him to dig a pit.
The assistant sought the labourer's help and got him to dig a pit.
The nurse heard the farmer screaming and examined him.
The farmer shouted at the nurse and asked her to check.
The manager spoke to the auditor and told him to be slow.
The auditor spoke to the manager and asked him to close the complaint.
The guard saw the receptionist taking the pen and charged him.
The receptionist stole the pen from the guard and tricked him.
The developer wanted the clerk's help with the paperwork and asked him.
The clerk freely offered to help the developer with the paperwork and he accepted.
The nurse wanted to test the driver and asked him.
The nurse saw the driver with his leg amputated and examined him.
The manager noticed that the clerk was slowing down and asked to report to work early.
The clerk tried to hide his behavior from the manager but failed to trick him.
The farmer wanted an accountant for the crop schedule and asked him for help.
The accountant was willing to help the farmer schedule the crop and offered his help.
The analyst noticed that the teacher was bad at math and made fun of him.
The teacher showed the analyst the math practice and was embarrassed by it.
The supervisor saw that the nurse had a poor injection and sent it to a therapeutic study.
The nurse had a bad injection in front of the supervisor and was sent to a therapeutic study.
The worker approached the auditor for an inspection but was instead humiliated by him.
The auditor tried to warn the worker but instead confused him.
Sikarmi praised the receptionist and made him a chair.
The receptionist wanted Sikarmi to make a chair and asked him.
The councillor questioned the farmer's sanity and was forced to give him an exam.
The councillor questioned the farmer's sanity and forced him to take the exam.
The construction worker was a fan of the author and read his books.
The writer never met the construction worker and did not like to meet him.
The manager saw the teacher perform well and increased his salary.
The teacher performed well for the manager and asked him to increase the salary.
The farmer confronted the auditor and asked him to leave.
The auditor was required to examine the farmer's farm and arrived at his doorstep in the morning.
The CEO was ordered by the court to be investigated by a counselor and independently submitted to his examination.
The councilor was ordered to check on the CEO and headed for his house.
The salesperson notices that the accountant never buys anything and then hates him.
The accountant never bought anything from the seller and hated all of their offers.
Pradhan bought bread from the baker and paid it to him.
The baker gave the bread to the principal and received his payment.
The driver needed to transport the advisor and pick him up in the morning.
The counselor asked the driver for a ride and asked him to schedule a morning wake-up.
The construction worker knew that the nurse was the best and asked her for an exam.
The nurse saw that the construction worker was injured and examined him.
The supervisor confronts the librarian and asks him to produce the book.
The librarian hid the book from the supervisor and told him to look elsewhere.
The CEO saw the problem in the clerk's report and asked to submit evidence.
The clerk was required to satisfy the CEO and prepare a report for him.
The lawyer wanted a librarian to find the book and hired him.
The librarian satisfied the lawyer's request and gave him a book.
The analyst remembers that the cleaner forgot to lift the papers and reminds him.
The cleaner never picks up the analyst's papers and today asked him if it was acceptable.
The supervisor saw the hairdresser's long hair and asked to have the haircut.
The hairdresser hated the supervisor's hair and never praised him.
The construction worker does not trust the baker and never buys his bread.
Baker liked the construction worker and tried to sell his bread at a discount.
Ignored by the CEO designer and therefore turned down his offer.
The designer hated the CEO and ignored him.
The CEO trusted the cleaner and asked him to leave.
The cleaner liked to spy on the CEO and listened to his conversation.
The salesperson saw the baker's dirty kitchen and asked him to stop selling the bread.
The baker tried to hide the kitchen fungus from the seller but was increasingly angered by him.
The driver was embarrassed to see the librarian's silly hat and took him somewhere.
The librarian was wearing a silly hat in front of the driver and refused his request to change.
The farmer saw the receptionist grow tall and later believed him.
The receptionist did a good job for the farmer and earned his trust.
Cook liked the librarian's books and would constantly steal them from him.
The librarian liked to share books with Cook but stopped when he decided to steal them.
The guard praised the secretary and he wanted his job.
The secretary never saw the guard and did not want him to wake up.
The CEO liked Baker's bread and regularly bought from him.
Baker sold bread to the CEO and enjoyed his visit.
The auditor came to the doctor complaining of a wound and got him examined.
The doctor looks at the auditor and examines him for wounds.
The manager wanted to be cruel to the cashier and suggested looking for a new job.
Cassier did poorly for the manager and proved his point right.
The receptionist was tired of receiving bad reports from the analyst and asked him to leave.
The analyst was tired of receiving bad reports from the receptionist and asked him to leave.
The mover saw how weak the clerk was and set up a desk for him.
The clerk asked the mover to help him carry the desk and thanked him.
The construction worker needed to talk to the housekeeper and let him in.
The domestic worker saw the construction worker waving his hand and walked over to his side.
The CEO treated the housekeeper as a pleasure and asked him to brush his teeth.
The housekeeper always forgot to sweep until the CEO did and praised his comment.
The worker made the bookshelf to the librarian and gave him the bill.
The librarian orders a bookshelf from the worker and he quickly completes the project.
The farmer enjoyed the silent moments with the hairdresser and constantly went to her.
In the farmer's silence, the hairdresser was okay and cut his hair.
The sheriff thought the cashier had taken the money and questioned him.
The cashier told the sheriff he had lost the money but failed to convince him.
The supervisor saw that the accountant was unable to follow the protocol and abused him.
The accountant never liked the supervisor and after he screamed, he liked it even less.
The analyst reported it to Baker and told him it was over.
Baker was horrified by the analyst's report and was afraid to speak to him.
The guard went to the nurse and presented him to the examination.
The nurse carefully examined the guard and released an estimate of his illness.
The tailor spoke to the manager and asked about the salary hike.
The manager talks to the tailor and then asks him to make a new design.
The nurse offered to help the analyst and then gave him a pillow.
The analyst offered to help the nurse and then did his tax work.
The designer recognized the mechanic and then greeted him.
The mechanic gives the designer sugar and then greets him or her.
The hairdresser called Sikarmi and then asked him for help.
Sikarmi called the hairdresser and then asked him for help.
The supervisor helped the writer and then asked him to return the favor.
The writer helped the supervisor and then asked him to return the favor.
The designer contacted the sheriff and then explained his situation.
The sheriff contacted the designer and then explained the situation to him.
The nurse met with the manager and then helped him with the problem.
The manager went to the nurse and then helped her with the problem.
The assistant called the sheriff and explained his situation.
The sheriff called the assistant and then gave him orders.
The baker greeted the cook and then offered him some help.
The cook greeted the baker and then offered him some help.
The accountant spoke to the mover and then offered him some help.
The mover spoke to the accountant and then sought advice from him.
The librarian showed the analyst a book and then loaned him something else.
The analyst took the book Maggie with the librarian and then nothing.
The attendant fed the sheriff water and then gave him a menu.
The sheriff asked the attendant the menu and then asked him a question.
The teacher greeted the worker and started a conversation with him.
The worker greets the teacher and starts a conversation with him.
The auditor warned the seller and then notified him.
The seller provided the quote to the auditor and then showed him the goods.
The editor spoke to the CEO and showed him the draft.
The CEO spoke to the editor and increased his salary.
The councilor advised the watchman and provided him with useful resources.
The watchman spoke to the advisor and made him understand the situation.
The baker approached the worker and asked about the weather.
The labourer approached the baker and asked him about the weather.
The mover worked for the teacher and helped him live in the new apartment.
The teacher drove the mover back home and paid him for the work.
The auditor advised the supervisor and warned him.
The supervisor thanked the auditor and wished him all the best.
The editor met with the developer and asked him for an explanation.
The developer presented to the editor and asked him for an explanation.
The librarian saw the guard and greeted him.
The guard saw the librarian and greeted him.
The cleaner thanked the construction worker and gave him a ride home.
The construction worker thanked the cleaner and rewarded him for excellent cleaning services.
The secretary contacted the driver and asked him to go home.
The driver called the secretary and asked if he needed a ride.
The supervisor abused the assistant and then fired him.
The assistant was dismissed by the supervisor and called evil.
The driver approached the auditor and asked for his help.
The auditor approached the driver and asked for his help.
The teacher explained the situation to the principal and he felt understood.
The principal explained the situation to the teacher and realized that he understood.
The author went to see the doctor and asked about his health problems.
The doctor went to see the author and asked how to write a good book.
The clerk responded to the sheriff and advised him to file the document quickly.
The sheriff saluted the clerk and wished him a good day.
The tailor saw the mechanic and explained the price to him.
The mechanic saw the tailor and explained the price to him.
The cashier spoke to the developer and then invited him over for a cup of coffee.
The developer spoke to the cashier and then invited him over for a cup of coffee.
The editor contacted the doctor and asked for his health advice.
The physician contacted the editor and asked him about the publication in the medical journal.
The clerk gave the paperwork to the farmer and immediately explained to him the importance of filing.
The farmer explained the business to the clerk and told him about some common problems.
The attendant spoke to the mechanic and asked him to get the car.
The mechanic spoke to the attendant and asked him for a refund.
The auditor contacted the mover and asked him about the transfer.
The mover contacted the auditor and asked about the next inspection.
The designer contacted the principal and asked for requirements for the new logo.
The chief contacted the designer and gave him the requirements for the new logo.
The secretary called the doctor and told him about the new patient.
The doctor called the secretary and asked him to cancel the appointment.
The cashier saw the farmer and asked him to provide a signature.
The farmer went to the cashier and asked him about the deposit.
The tailor hired the salesperson and asked him to sell the suit for the business.
The salesperson gave the tailor money and thanked him or her for doing a good job.
Spoke to the library head and recommended a book to him.
The principal spoke to the librarian and asked him for a book recommendation.
The accountant met the watchman and wished him well.
The watchman meets the accountant and greets him.
The accountant met the watchman and wished him well.
The watchman meets the accountant and greets him.
The assistant informed the chief about the problem and asked to take action.
The chief informed the assistant and asked him to make a note.
The teacher spoke to Sikarmi and asked him to get a chair.
Sikarmi spoke to the teacher and asked him science questions.
The assistant contacted the lawyer and kept him.
The attorney contacted the assistant and asked him to book a new appointment.
The designer paid attention to the worker and greeted him enthusiastically.
The worker remembers the designer and greets him enthusiastically.
The clerk met the cook and asked for his advice on a recipe.
The cook called the clerk and asked him for help with the paperwork.
The cashier returned the check to the analyst and asked him to support him.
The analyst went to the cashier and asked him to deposit the check.
The writer met the guard and signed an autograph for him.
The guard presents the author and the autograph Maggie with him.
The housekeeper contacted the lawyer and asked him for advice.
The lawyer had represented the domestic worker and helped him win the case.
The accountant called the cook and asked him to prepare food for the party.
The cook calls the accountant and informs him of the financial situation.
The hairdresser styled the CEO's hair and recommended him a hair gel.
The CEO called the hairdresser and paid him over the phone.
The sweeper contacted Sikarmi and asked him to fit a wooden cabinet.
Sikarmi contacted the cleaner and asked him to clean the house.
The councillor gave a statement to the lawyer and asked to be kept secret.
The lawyer had heard the counsel's argument and given his statement about the events.
The teacher provided the requirements to the developer and asked if it was possible to implement them.
The developer went to the teacher and asked him about the weather.
The housemaid demanded a promotion from the manager and he complied.
The manager offered to raise the housekeeper's salary and he gladly accepted.
The editor met with the mover and spoke to him about the transfer.
The mover met with the editor and asked about the magazine's business.
The clerk winked at the lawyer and smiled at him.
The lawyer winked at the clerk and smiled at him.
The editor greeted the farmer and asked him for time.
The farmer greets the editor and asks for his time.
The attendant served the analyst and made him feel welcome.
The analyst thanked the attendant for the presentation and service.
The farmer saw that the baker had too much bread and asked him to burn it.
The baker took a lot of money from the farmer and did not like to give him more bread.
The guard remarked that the cashier had been negligent and urged caution.
The cashier never noticed the guard and asked him to move away.
The mover offered assistance to the receptionist and his desk.
The receptionist asked for help from the mover and asked him for help.
The accountant ignored the guard and never spoke to him.
The guard sought to befriend the accountant and bought him a calculator.
The analyst liked to cut his hair from the hairdresser and visited him frequently.
The hairdresser always gave the analyst a gift and cut his hair neatly.
The editor liked the cook's food and promised him to come back.
Cook fed the editor and left him satisfied.
The clerk helped the construction worker and gave him a lot of information.
The construction worker gave the documents to the clerk and asked him to process the application.
The designer met the construction worker and explained the design to him.
The construction worker presented the designer and asked many questions about the design.
The editor stopped the driver and asked him for a ride.
The driver gave the editor a ride and gave him a water bottle.
The auditor was not generous with the CEO and gave him a stern warning.
The CEO thanked the auditor and believed in his good judgment.
The cashier called the driver and asked him for a ride.
The driver went to the cashier and asked him to help with the withdrawal process.
The counselor saw the salesperson and advised him to rest.
The salesperson saw the advisor and sold him some books.
The tailor mixed the kitchen apron and she was very thankful.
The cook got the food ready for the tailor and he was very thankful.
The teacher thanked the driver for the ride and promised to pay later.
The driver offered to take the teacher to the car and came to pick him up on time.
The author hired a lawyer and then explained his situation.
The lawyer was hired by the author and then he got legal aid.
The editor met with the manager and showed the editorial.
The manager met with the editor and showed him the office.
The tailor delivered a new suit for the CEO and asked him to wear it.
The CEO receives the new suit from the tailor and then proceeds to pay him or her.
The librarian shook the mechanic's hand and walked away from him.
The mechanic shook the librarian's hand and walked away from him.
The cleaner met the doctor and asked him about medical care.
The doctor offers the cleaner and asks him to clean the office.
The cleaner abused the driver and forgot to thank him for the ride.
The driver discouraged the cleaner and complained about his service.
The assistant helped Sikarmi and learned from him.
Sikarmi taught the assistant the craft and did not let him be distracted.
The cleaner shook the sheriff's hand and walked over to him.
The sheriff shook the cleaner's hand and walked over to him.
The housekeeper smiled at the supervisor and gave him a cup of tea.
The supervisor looked at the housekeeper and smiled at him and asked him to make tea.
The receptionist spoke to the manager and thanked him for his help.
The manager interacted with the receptionist and praised him for his excellent work.
The author met the mechanic and recommended some books to him.
The mechanic offered the writer and helped fix his car engine.
The housekeeper spoke to the seller a few times and refused his product.
The salesperson spoke to the housekeeper a few times and convinced him to buy the product.
The watchman stopped the editor and showed him how to clean the floor.
The editor stopped the watchman and showed the newspaper every day.
The cleaner asked the lawyer a few questions and then praised him.
The lawyer asked the cleaner a few questions and then it was decided to help him without pay.
The hairdresser talked to the salesperson and tried to cut his hair.
The salesperson talks to the hairdresser and asks him or her to sell something.
The librarian walked over to the construction worker and told him to shut up.
The construction worker turned to the librarian and asked to leave the construction area.
The attendant smiled at the driver and reminded him to go pick up the owner in time.
The driver smiled at the employee and asked when he was going to pick up the owner.
The librarian spoke to Sikarmi and asked him to arrange the library table.
Sikarmi spoke to the librarian and asked him to recommend some books for him to read.
The counselor wanted to meet with the doctor and asked how to take care of the abdominal pain.
Want to meet with a physician advisor and ask him or her how to deal with a medical accident?
The advisor had to give Sikarmi some money and worked very hard to pay his debts.
Sikarmi had to give some money to the advisor and make furniture for him.
The cashier followed the watchman and learned that he had stolen some money from the store.
The watchman followed the cashier and found that he had stolen some money from the store.
The accountant showed the sheriff some documents and wanted to convince him.
The sheriff showed the accountant some documents and told him that he had been arrested.
The hairdresser asked the watchman some questions and cut his hair.
The watchman asked the hairdresser some questions and let him in.
The nurse spoke to the watchman a few times and gave him a Christmas present.
The watchman spoke to the nurse a few times and gave her a Christmas present.
The nurse smiled at the salesperson and began to take his temperature.
The salesperson smiled at the nurse and said thank you for buying the insurance.
The hairdresser walked over to the sheriff and thanked him for catching the thief.
The sheriff went to the hairdresser and was criticized for breaking traffic rules.
The worker approached the counselor and asked him for help.
The councillor could not help the labourer and asked him to leave.
The secretary asked the salesperson to leave and told him never to come back.
The salesperson asked the secretary to leave and fired him.
The receptionist blamed the supervisor for the mistake but could not express dissatisfaction with him.
The supervisor blames the receptionist for the mistake and dismisses him.
The librarian greeted the mover and reminded him to be careful with the books.
The mover greeted the librarian and asked where the book was.
The tailor went to meet the chief and helped him put on his pants.
The chief presented the tailor and helped him prepare dinner.
The councilor asked the guard a few questions and praised him for the good work.
The guard asked the councilor some questions and let him enter the office.
The receptionist helped the sheriff and she was very thankful for that.
The sheriff helped the receptionist and was very grateful for that.
The nurse called the mechanic and told him what medicine to take.
The mechanic called the nurse and asked how to treat the broken leg.
The cleaner doesn't like the cook because he made the kitchen too dirty.
Cook doesn't like the cleaner because he broke the stove.
The teacher met with the sheriff and asked him a few questions.
The sheriff met the teacher and asked him a few questions.
The farmer understood the cleaner and sent him some money.
The cleaner understood the farmer and sent him some money.
Baker yelled at the mover and asked him to leave.
The mover yelled at Baker and asked him to leave.
The receptionist recognized the developer and took him into the lobby.
The developer asked the receptionist where the sugar and the lobby were.
The guard works harder than the clerk and gets more praise than he does.
The clerk works harder than the guard and gets more praise than he does.
The cashier spoke to the construction worker and hoped to be paid the same as him.
The construction worker talked to the cashier and hoped to be paid the same as he was.
The receptionist recognized the driver and took him to the ceremony.
The driver introduced the sugar to the receptionist and the owner to him.
The attendant greeted the seller and introduced him to the owner.
The salesperson greets the attendant and asks him or her to sell something.
The receptionist told Cook the date of the ceremony and convinced him to wear a suit.
Cook told the receptionist the date of the ceremony and reminded him to wear a suit.
The assistant spoke to the manager and asked for a pay raise.
The manager spoke to the assistant and praised them for their hard work.
The tailor spoke to the supervisor and was impressed with his hard work.
The supervisor spoke to the tailor and was impressed with his talent.
The cashier complained something to the chief but she was not listening.
The chief complained something to the cashier but he was not listening.
The chief spoke to the secretary and thanked him.
The secretary spoke to the chief and showed him his thanks.
The designer invited the supervisor to the party and he smiled.
The supervisor invited the designer to the party and he smiled.
The secretary yelled at Sikarmi and drove him away.
Sikarmi screamed at the secretary and chased him away.
The secretary met with the attorney and convinced him to check the email.
The lawyer asked the secretary to make an appearance and prepare the documents.
The advisor walked over to the cook and thanked him for providing the dinner.
The cook went to the counselor and asked him some questions.
The auditor smiled at the construction worker and gave him water.
The construction worker smiled at the auditor and gave him water.
The author interacted with the analyst and showed interest in his work.
The analyst interacted with the author and showed interest in his work.
The assistant helped the guard and told him to be careful the next time.
The guard helped the assistant and told him to be careful next time.
The attendant spoke to the doctor and was amazed at his knowledge.
The doctor spoke to the attendant and was amazed at his knowledge.
The accountant asked the worker to come to the meeting but he forgot.
The worker asked the accountant to join the meeting but he forgot.
The editor interacted with the analyst and wanted to collaborate with him.
The analyst communicated with the editor and wanted to collaborate with him.
The receptionist spoke to the seller and declined his suggestion to buy insurance.
The salesperson talked to the receptionist and he agreed to buy insurance.
The teacher met with the supervisor and explained his concerns.
The supervisor visits the teacher and tells him or her of the concern.
The clerk called the doctor and asked about the medicine.
The doctor called the clerk and asked him about the product.
The nurse thanked the chief and gave him a gift.
The chief thanked the nurse and gave her a gift.
The accountant met with the analyst and recommended him for some jobs.
The analyst presents the accountant and recommends him or her for some jobs.
The receptionist helped the construction worker and got a gift from him.
The construction worker helped the receptionist and received a gift from him.
The hairdresser met the guard and thanked him.
The guard went to meet the hairdresser and thanked him.
The accountant turned to the developer and gave him a cup of coffee.
The developer walked up to the accountant and gave him a cup of coffee.
The manager regularly meets with the advisor and asks him or her for advice.
The advisor meets with the manager regularly and makes suggestions to him or her.
The secretary walked over to the mechanic and told him what was wrong with the machine.
The mechanic went to the secretary and asked where the machine was.
Baker spoke to the supervisor and learned a lot from him.
The supervisor talked to Baker and taught him a lot.
The maid showed the chowkidar the way and took him to the kitchen.
The watchman showed the housekeeper the way and took him to the kitchen.
The advisor disliked the supervisor and wanted to leave his group.
The supervisor disliked the advisor and fired him.
The author contacted the CEO and asked for his opinion about the book.
The CEO contacted the author and asked for his or her suggestions about the book.
The cashier borrowed the tool from Sikarmi but did not return anything to him.
Sikarmi borrowed the tool from the cashier but did not return anything to him.
The auditor spoke to the sheriff and wanted to hear his opinion.
The sheriff wanted to talk to the auditor and hear his opinion.
Baker wanted to thank Sikarmi and made some bread for him.
Sikarmi wanted to thank Baker and made a chair for him.
The designer wanted to help the lawyer but he refused.
The lawyer wanted to help the designer but he refused.
The accountant got angry with the mechanic and complained about him to the owner.
The mechanic got angry with the accountant and complained about him to the owner.
Cook sent a gift to the cashier and thanked him.
The cashier sent a gift to Cook and thanked him.
The worker eats more than the cleaner because he works harder.
The cleaner eats more than the worker because he works harder.
The mechanic learned a lot from the teacher and sent him a thank you card.
The teacher learned a lot from the mechanic and sent him a thank you card.
Baker gave the box to the guard and asked him to make the delivery.
The guard gave the box to the baker and praised his baking skills.
The tailor stopped the guard and showed his identity.
The guard stopped the tailor and asked for his identity.
The analyst asked the clerk a few questions and thanked him.
The clerk asked the analyst some questions and sent them to him.
The lawyer asked the nurse about the surgery and thanked her.
The nurse asked the lawyer about the case and thanked him.
Sikarmi stops the housekeeper and helps him.
The housemaid stopped Sikarmi and helped him.
The sheriff opened the door for the housekeeper and waited for him to break in.
The housekeeper opened the door for the sheriff and he was waiting to break in.
The doctor asked the receptionist about the booking price and thanked him.
The receptionist helped the doctor find a room and left him alone.
The lawyer saw the editor at the restaurant and greeted him.
The editor saw the lawyer at the restaurant and greeted him.
The farmer buys a book from the author and pays for it.
The author bought some fruits from the farmer and paid him.
The sheriff borrowed a book from the librarian but returned nothing to him.
The librarian helped the sheriff find the book and smiled at him.
The salesperson talks to the teacher and invites him to dinner.
The teacher spoke to the salesperson and invited him to dinner.
The watchman cleaned up for the baker and asked him for a suggestion.
The baker packed the watchman some bread and waited for the money he would pay.
The cook got a call from the nurse and asked her to prepare lunch for him.
The nurse got a call from Cook and started preparing for his surgery.
The developer successfully helped the home worker sell and install the product.
The housekeeper bought the product from the developer and asked him to install it.
The driver told the accountant to leave the corner and take care when crossing the street.
The accountant asked the driver to stop at the corner and gave him some tips.
The manager had a lengthy discussion with the designer and sought to convince him or her to consider the solution.
The designer discussed with the manager for a long time but still refused to sell the solution.
The mechanic not only explained many terms to the advisor but also wrote something for him.
The advisor not only explained the terms of the mechanic's economy but also wrote something down for him.
The mechanic opened the door for the cleaner and took him into the room.
The cleaner knocked on the mechanic's door and waited for him to show up.
The mover followed the author's instructions and waited outside his apartment.
The writer asked the mover to move into the all-new apartment and paid him.
Sikarmi stops the tailor from entering the workplace and talks to him.
The tailor showed Sikarmi the tool and let him try it.
The construction worker asked the assistant to make a list of today's meeting and thanked him.
The assistant made a list of today's schedule for the construction worker and showed it to him.
The supervisor asked the secretary to stop and put him to work.
The secretary greeted the observer and handed over the report to him.
The chief hired a receptionist and bought him a new phone for work.
The head had hired a receptionist and would receive payment from him.
The watchman spoke to the auditor and passed the files to him.
The auditor called the watchman and asked him to clean the hall.
The analyst presents the tailor at home and asks him to make a new suit.
The tailor met the analyst at home and offered him a new design.
The sheriff stopped the nurse and hugged her for great help.
At the scene, the nurse met with the sheriff and helped him with the accident.
The watchman would meet the receptionist and take the keys from him every day.
The receptionist is waiting for the watchman and takes him back every day.
The mover went to Taylor's house and helped him move the box.
The tailor called the mover and asked him to come before 9 am.
The developer went to the nurse's office and discussed the surgery with her.
The nurse gave the developer a prescription and told him not to worry.
The mechanic helped Baker assemble the machine and charged him $1000.
The baker gave the cake to the mechanic and he waited for the money to be paid.
The salesperson called the editor and asked him to write an article about the company.
The editor interviewed the seller and wrote an article about his company.
The mover arrived early at the advisor's house and offered to help him.
The advisor called the mover and told him to start early.
The supervisor stopped the cleaner and told him not to clean the room.
The cleaner stopped the supervisor and told him not to take that route.
The lawyer called the tailor and met with him.
The tailor called the lawyer and met with him.
Cook decided to dismiss the secretary and ask him not to come here next Monday.
The secretary got into a fight with the cook and threw a book at him.
The farmer consulted the secretary on many things and invited him to dinner.
The secretary bought many products from the farmer and asked him for a discount.
The farmer hired an assistant and asked him to come to work twice a week.
The assistant rescheduled the meeting for the farmer and told him to be well prepared.
The supervisor got into a fight with the attendant and decided to sack him.
The attendant accidentally hit the supervisor and apologized to him.
The manager asked the librarian many questions and finally thanked him.
The librarian took the manager to the bookshelf and asked if he needed it.
The mover discussed the surgery with the nurse and thanked her.
The nurse helped send the mover to the hospital and continued to comfort him.
The farmer took the attendant to the railway station and gave him a gift.
The attendant bought some fruits from the farmer and paid him by cheque.
The developer consulted the counselor for hours and gave him a lot of money.
The counselor taught the developer how to write a patent and charged him $2,000.
The doctor will examine the accountant thoroughly and tell him or her that there is nothing to worry about.
The accountant showed the doctor the bill and told him to pay on time.
The labourer saw the tailor in the corner and talked to him for 2 hours.
The tailor gave the labourer a new suit and did not charge him anything.
The doctor hired a housekeeper and asked him to work every day.
The housekeeper picked up the doctor and told him someone was calling.
The sheriff spoke to the tailor and invited him to dinner later.
The tailor prepared a suit for the sheriff and called him.
The driver crashed into the designer's artwork and paid him heavily.
The designer stopped the driver and asked him to take precautions at the Expo location.
The sheriff returned the expired cake to the baker and asked for a refund.
The baker packed a cake for the sheriff and waited for the money he would pay.
The watchman asked the clerk how to find the living room and thanked him.
The clerk asked the watchman to clean the living room and thanked him.
The developer found the attendant in the room and left him a note.
The attendant told the developer that a meeting had taken place and provided him with the location.
Sikarmi went to the writer's house and fixed the window for him.
The writer met and dated Sikarmi at a shopping mall.
The cook wanted an attendant to be the taste checker and asked him.
The attendant walked over the cake prepared by the kitchen and gave him his feedback.
The analyst was required to bring the housekeeper inside the house and pay him to do so.
The housekeeper was paid by the analyst and he did his homework.
The guard wanted to scold the attendant and got caught.
The attendant did not want to fight with the guard and gave him a flower.
The doctor saw the librarian's eyes open and treated him.
The librarian wrote a good note to the doctor and paid the bill by giving him the book.
The driver asked the writer for help and offered to pay him.
The writer wrote a note to the driver and also gave his relationship advice.
The mover refused to move the artwork the designer asked for and demanded a reconsideration.
The designer tried to convince the mover that there was nothing wrong or that he was even made to draw.
The driver realized Baker's weakness and helped him with the delivery.
Baker never sought the driver's help and was beaten by a baguette.
Sikri didn't know what to do when the auditor came and he got all the papers.
The auditor was taken aback by Sikarmis institutional lack and warned him that the audit would not end well.
Creating a story about a developer wanting free bread from a baker and not having his own kitchen.
Baker knew that the developer was lying about the kitchen but made his bread anyway.
The chief was concerned for the auditor's safety and asked him to stop spying.
The auditor ignored the chief's warning and put him out of his mind.
The CEO was concerned about the arrangements made by the teacher to the student and called him.
The teacher couldn't stand the CEO and deliberately failed his son.
The doctor was concerned for the hairdresser and checked for injuries.
The hairdresser was clumsy around the doctor and almost bit him.
The watchman did not like to work for the tailor but did what he said he would.
The tailor thought that the watchman could sew well and encouraged him.
The chief does not want to help the attendant and refuses his request.
The attendant could not understand the chief's problem and reported to the union.
The laborer envied the attendant's work and told him this.
The attendant ignored the worker and asked him to return to work.
The editor ordered a table from Sikarmi and asked him to deliver it tomorrow.
Sikarmi got the editor's order and made him a table.
The sheriff asked to stop the search and publication to control the editor's magazine.
The editor assured the sheriff that everything was fine and published a story about what had happened.
Pradhan always harassed the editor and asked him to work again.
The editor never respected the chief and made him do a bad job.
Cook tried to trick the auditor and showed him a different kitchen.
The auditor knew that Cook had been dishonest and went into his kitchen after the time.
The designer wanted to impress the seller but showed him a bad design.
The salesperson tried to convince the designer that something was wrong but increasingly angered him.
The sheriff watched the counselor's video and went to interview him.
The councilor expected the sheriff to investigate and filed a complaint against him for misusing the evidence.
Due to exhaustion from work, the analyst called the advisor and told him the pain.
The advisor called the analyst and asked about the next appointment.
The doctor treated the tailor and suggested that he change his lifestyle.
The doctor hires a tailor and pays a generous salary to make him happy with his work.
The lawyer liked to talk to the attendant and asked him to come back tomorrow.
The watchman abused the attendant and took his food.
The attendant was patient with the watchman and listened to his story.
The mover saw the attendant empty and asked him for help.
The attendant thought the mover needed help and offered him help.
The farmer went to meet the librarian and asked him about the library hours.
The librarian gave the farmer books and encouraged him to read more.
The assistant gave the driver money and asked for more attention.
Angry with the driver assistant and asking him to never come.
The cleaner waited for the chief and spoke to him about the missed payment.
The chief waited for the cleaner and asked for a better service.
The teacher befriended the watchman and told him about the school gossip.
The watchman befriended the teacher and told him about the employee gossip.
