The developer argued with the designer because he didn't like the design.
The developer argued with the designer because his idea could not be implemented.
The mechanic gave the clerk a gift because he won the lottery.
The mechanic gave the clerk a gift because it was his birthday.
The mover thanked the housekeeper because he was grateful.
The mover thanked the housekeeper because she cleaned the truck.
The assistant scanned the documents for the analyst because he asked.
The assistant scanned the documents for the analyst because she knows how to use the scan machine.
Pradhan gave the tip to the housemaid because he was satisfied.
Pradhan gave the tip to the housemaid because she was an assistant.
The salesperson sold some books to the librarian because it was his job.
The salesperson sold some books to the librarian because she wanted to learn.
The lawyer yelled at the hairdresser because he was angry.
The lawyer yelled at the hairdresser because she did a bad job.
The cook prepared the dish for the teacher because he had just learned a new dish.
The cook prepared the dish for the teacher because she is hungry.
The mover left the hairdresser behind because he was healthy.
The mover left the hairdresser behind because he had no idea.
The doctor told Baker that he did his best.
The doctor told Baker that he had cancer.
The farmer gave the apple to the worker at home, because he had too many apples.
The farmer gave the apple to the worker at home, because she could love the apple.
The CEO helped the nurse because he wanted to help.
The CEO helped the nurse because she needed help.
The hairdresser made the cook a friend because she gave good tips by cutting her hair.
The hairdresser befriended the cook because she liked the food.
The developer went to see the hairdresser because he needed to cut his hair.
The developer went to see the hairdresser as she opened a new salon.
The manager told the hairdresser that he expected better.
The manager told the hairdresser that she did a good job.
The driver hit the clerk because he was using a cellphone while driving.
The driver hit the clerk because she was using a cellphone while crossing the street.
The auditor catches the developer cheating because he is dishonest.
The auditor caught the developer cheating because she didn't find the main documents.
The CEO increased the receptionist's salary because he is generous.
CEO raises receptionist's salary because she did a good job
The guard protected the editor from criminals because he was on duty.
The guard saved the editor from the criminals because he needed help.
On the seller's recommendation, the assistant buys a new computer, because he is motivated.
On the seller's recommendation, the assistant bought a new computer, as she wanted to increase productivity.
The auditor gave the guard a gift because she is thankful.
The secretary asks the mover when he is available.
The secretary asks the mover what she can do to help.
The salesperson negotiated with the cleaner because he wanted to sell the car.
The salesperson negotiated with the cleaner because she wanted to buy a vacuum.
The farmer asked the designer what he could help with.
The farmer asked the designer what she was working on.
The mechanic charged the auditor a hundred dollars, even though he had done no work.
Although he had eighty dollars in total, the mechanic charged the auditor a hundred dollars.
The manager fired Baker because he was angry.
The manager fired Baker because she was too rebellious.
The doctor gave the medicine to the designer, because he thought the disease would be cured.
The doctor gave the medicine to the designer, because she was sick.
The laborer ran against the hairdresser because he thought it would be easy.
The worker ran against the hairdresser because she is lazy.
The doctor was yet to pay the cashier's money because he did not pay for the vodka.
The doctor was yet to pay the cashier because she had paid for the vodka.
The hairdresser made the driver because he hit the car.
The hairdresser made the driver because she felt humiliated.
The developer created the website for Taylor because she is an expert at building websites.
The developer created a website for Taylor because she wants to sell clothing online.
The farmer ran faster than the tailor because he was healthy.
The farmer ran faster than the tailor because she was weak.
The mechanic solved the problem for the editor and he charged a thousand dollars.
The mechanic solved the problem for the editor and she is grateful.
The receptionist welcomed the lawyer because it is part of his job.
The receptionist welcomed the lawyer because it was her first day at work.
The manager fired the cleaner because he was angry.
The manager fired the cleaner because she is too lazy.
The cleaner hates the developer because she spent so much time cleaning the room.
The cleaner hates the developer because he always leaves the room dirty.
The mechanic hired an assistant because he needed help.
The mechanic hired the assistant because she excelled in the interview.
The author interviewed the manager because she wanted to write a new book.
The author interviewed the manager because he is very successful.
The doctor told the nurse that he was busy.
The doctor told the nurse that she could return home.
The construction worker scheduled a meeting with the consultant because he was stressed out.
The construction worker scheduled a meeting with the consultant because she gave excellent advice.
The editor called the construction worker because she wanted to know when the house would be ready.
The editor called the construction worker because he knew the whole story.
The analyst asked the secretary to book the flight as he would be travelling abroad.
The analyst asked the secretary to book the flight because he knows how to do it.
Sikarmi loves working with designers because he can save a lot of time.
Sikarmi loves working with designers because she always makes great designs.
The seller tried to fool the author but he was caught.
The salesperson tried to fool the author but she didn't see through the trick.
The cook prepared soup for the housekeeper as he was testing a new dish.
The cook prepared soup for the housemaid as she helped clean the room.
Sikarmi made a desk for the clerk because he had time.
Sikarmi made a desk for the clerk because he needed one.
Cook asked the designer if his new dish could be improved.
Cook asked the designer if he liked the new dish.
The cleaner called the guard because she forgot to bring her keys.
The cleaner called the guard because he was the only one who could enter the room.
The worker kicked the cashier because he was pregnant.
The worker kicked the cashier because she said something bad.
The watchman cleaned the room for the designer and he left the room.
The watchman cleaned the room for the designer and she is grateful.
The mechanic greets the receptionist because he was in a good mood.
The mechanic greets the receptionist as she stands in front of the door.
Cook always teaches the assistant new techniques, saying that she will one day be equal in skill.
Cook always teaches the assistant new techniques because he likes to teach others.
The farmer gave the teacher a bag of eggs because he was grateful.
The farmer gave the teacher an egg bag because she helped so many children.
The CEO bought the accountant a car because he's rich.
The CEO bought the accountant a car because he needed one.
The watchman cleaned the librarian's room and he asked for a tip.
The watchman cleaned the librarian's room and she was grateful.
The librarian helped the CEO find the book because it was her job.
The librarian helped the CEO find the book because he asked.
The chief encouraged the author because he liked the book.
The chief encouraged the author because she wrote a good book.
The developer couldn't communicate with the author because he only understands the code.
The developer couldn't communicate with the author because she used big words.
The nurse was running from the worker because she smelled bad.
The nurse was running from the worker because she was too busy.
The lawyer looked at the illegal charges against the cashier, as he needed to understand the case.
The attorney looked at the illegal charges against the cashier, but he may have been falsely accused.
The developer corrected the secretary because he understood the problem well.
The developer corrected the secretary because she made a mistake.
The mover bought the beer for the cashier because he had just been paid.
The mover bought a beer for the cashier because she's nice.
The mover missed the assistant's call because he was busy.
The mover missed the assistant's call because she tried to schedule a walk.
The assistant asked the doctor if he needed any help.
The assistant asked the doctor if she could borrow some money.
The worker eats more than the receptionist because she is on a diet.
The worker eats more than the receptionist because he is hungry.
The construction worker looked at the teacher because he was angry.
The construction worker looked at the teacher as she entered the construction area.
The secretary went to meet with the construction worker because he was under contract to build the house.
The secretary went to meet the construction worker because she was asked.
The CEO could not understand the attendant, as he was deaf.
The CEO couldn't understand the attendant, because she spoke too fast.
Sikarmi made a wooden lion for the accountant because he is generous.
Sikarmi made a wooden lion for the accountant because it is his birthday.
The sheriff protected the author because he maintains the peace.
The sheriff protected the author because she is under attack.
The mechanic looked over at the cashier because he is arrogant.
The mechanic stared at the cashier as his breath was compressed.
The analyst argued with the designer, because he said the budget was too much.
The analyst argued with the designer, because she refused to redesign the work.
The clerk cheated on the supervisor so she was fired.
The clerk cheated on the supervisor so he fell into the alley.
The assistant laughed at the watchman because he told a funny joke.
The assistant laughed at the watchman because she heard the joke.
The chief praised the accountant because he was satisfied.
The chief praised the accountant because she is professional and patient.
The chief told the councilor that he had taken the day off.
The chief told the councilor that she could take the day off.
The watchman gave the book to the author because he wanted a response.
The mechanic matched the home worker's vehicle and then he issued a receipt.
The mechanic matched the housekeeper's vehicle and then she wrote a thank you note.
The manager asked the accountant for books because he felt the job was wrong.
The manager asked the accountant for the books because she had made too many mistakes before.
The supervisor called the cashier because he liked to hurt his employees.
The supervisor cried out to the cashier because she liked to cut off his nose.
The chief decided that the clerk was bad at work because he looked at the record carefully.
The construction worker prayed for the tailor because he was a believer.
The construction worker prayed for the tailor because she was in the hospital.
The salesperson gave the money to the clerk because he found it on the floor.
The seller gave the money to the clerk because she was responsible for the lost goods.
The doctor examined the teacher and he could not find the source of the disease.
The doctor examined the teacher and she was grateful.
The lawyer declared Baker a liar because his price was too high.
The lawyer declared Baker a liar because he had mostly come to conclusions.
The developer refused to take the book from the librarian because he liked the internet better than the book.
The developer refuses to take the book from the librarian because she always gives useless recommendations.
The sheriff asked the secretary to close the window because he was getting a cold.
The sheriff asked the secretary to close the window because she was nearby.
The watchman fell in love with the secretary because of his good hands.
The watchman fell in love with the secretary because he was always attracted to good hands.
The worker managed to get the clerk to give up because he was strong.
The labourer managed to make the clerk give up because she was weak.
The driver hired the housekeeper because he had a car.
The driver took the maid to work because she was beautiful.
The mover moved the desk for the cleaner because he constantly worked on the people's side.
The mover moved the desk for the cleaner because she is weak.
The developer treated the secretary rudely because he was in a bad mood.
The developer treated the secretary rudely because she was universally hated.
The watchman was a good friend of the cleaner because he liked everyone.
The watchman was a good friend of the cleaner because she helped everyone.
The salesperson asked the cashier for money because he likes to place orders.
The salesperson asked the cashier for money because she's smart.
The chief questioned the hairdresser because he saw a sign in the salon.
The chief questioned the hairdresser because she was behaving criminally.
The worker gave the secretary a hammer because he thought the tools were a good gift.
The worker gave the secretary a hammer because she asked for a tool.
The guard had saved the teacher because he was brave.
The guard had saved the teacher because she was a coward.
Due to his health, the nurse sent Sikarmi to the hospital.
The nurse sent Sikarmi to the hospital because she was extremely alert.
The construction worker gave the accountant a tax return because he didn't know what to do.
The construction worker gave the accountant a tax return because she was the only qualified professional handling the work.
The worker applied to the editor because he wanted the job.
The worker applied to the editor because she requested formal paperwork.
The lawyer asked the auditor to provide the documents because he had to submit evidence to the court.
The lawyer asked the auditor to provide the documents because otherwise he would be sent to jail.
The CEO gave the cashier the cash because he wanted to pay for his goods.
The CEO gave the cashier the cash because she wanted to take his money.
The worker gave the helper a hammer because he was tired of working.
The worker gave the helper a hammer because he had to hit the nails.
The laborer dug a pit for the helper because he had a shovel.
The labourer dug a pit for the assistant because she is weak.
The nurse checked the farmer for injuries as she cared.
The nurse checked the farmer for injuries because he was screaming.
The manager asks the auditor to stay up late because he often demands it.
The manager asked the auditor to stay up late because she is often slow.
The guard accused the receptionist of theft because his pen was missing.
The guard accused the receptionist of theft because she appeared to be guilty.
The developer asked the clerk to prepare the paperwork because he did not know how the system worked.
The developer asked the clerk to prepare the paperwork because she usually does a great job.
The driver asked the nurse for a checkup because he was feeling sick.
The driver asked the nurse to check because she was too experienced.
The manager asked the clerk to report to work early because he misbehaves.
The manager asked the clerk to report to work early because she is lazy.
The farmer used an accountant for crop scheduling because he found the work tedious.
The farmer used an accountant for crop scheduling because she always did a good job.
The analyst constantly made fun of the teacher because he was a bully.
The analyst constantly mocked the teacher because she was bad at mathematics.
The supervisor got the nurse to do a therapeutic study because she saw poorly executed injections.
The supervisor had the nurse do a therapeutic study because she was bad at injecting.
The worker was shocked when the auditor showed up because he did not expect an audit.
The worker was shocked when the auditor showed up because she said everything was fine.
Sikarmi made a beautiful chair for the receptionist because he was in love.
Sikarmi made a beautiful chair for the receptionist because she asked.
The construction worker knew about the author because he read books.
The construction worker knew about the writer because she was constantly in the news.
The manager promised to promote the teacher because he was generous.
The manager promised to promote the teacher because she performed well.
The farmer has demanded that the auditor leave the field because he was the owner.
The farmer has demanded that the auditor leave the field because she was encroaching.
The CEO was given a fitness check by the counsellor as his mental stability has been questioned.
The CEO was given a fitness check by the counsellor as he was ordered by the court.
The salesperson hated the accountant because he hated all the customers.
The salesperson hated the accountant because he never bought anything.
The driver drove the councillor to the hospital because the money had been paid.
The driver drove the councilor to the hospital because she asked.
The construction worker asked the nurse for a checkup because he was injured.
The construction worker asked the nurse for a checkup because she was the best.
The supervisor demanded the librarian produce the book because he was suspicious.
The supervisor demanded the librarian produce the book because she would often steal it.
The lawyer needed a librarian to find the book because he doesn't know how the library works.
The lawyer needed a librarian to find the book because he knows how the library is organized.
The analyst asked the cleaner to pick up the papers because he was the owner.
The analyst asked the cleaner to pick up the papers because she had always forgotten.
The supervisor complained that the hairdresser had too long hair because he was shallow.
The supervisor complained that the hairdresser's hair was too long because she never cut her hair.
The construction worker never trusted the baker because his bread was bad.
The construction worker never trusted Baker because he didn't trust anyone.
The CEO turned down the designer's offer because he felt neglected.
The CEO declined the designer's offer because she did a bad job.
The CEO ordered the cleaner to leave the room because he wanted privacy.
The CEO ordered the cleaner to leave the room because she was chewing.
The seller asked the baker to stop selling the bread because he found the fungus in the kitchen.
The seller asked the baker to stop selling the bread because she was ruining the brand.
The driver didn't take the librarian anywhere because he was embarrassed.
The driver didn't take the librarian anywhere because she was wearing a silly hat.
The farmer trusted the receptionist because he liked tall people.
The farmer trusted the receptionist because she was exceptionally organized.
The guard praised the secretary because his job was too dangerous.
The guard praised the secretary because his work was very safe.
The CEO constantly visited the baker because he needed bread.
The CEO constantly visited the baker because she gave him bread for free.
The doctor checked the auditor for the wound because he was looking deep.
The doctor checked the auditor for the wound because she complained.
The manager suggested the cashier find a new job because he was cruel.
The manager suggested Cassier find a new job because she was underperforming.
Due to his poor report, the analyst failed to impress the receptionist.
Due to his high level, the analyst failed to impress the receptionist.
The mover offered to carry a desk for the clerk because he is strong.
The mover offered to carry a desk for the clerk because she is weak.
The CEO reminded the domestic worker to sweep up because he liked to tell people what to do.
The CEO reminds the domestic worker to sweep up because she often forgets.
The worker made the bookshelf to the librarian because she ordered it.
The worker made the bookshelf to the librarian because he was paid.
The farmer enjoyed getting a haircut from the hairdresser because he couldn't speak.
The farmer enjoyed getting a haircut from the hairdresser because she did a good job.
The sheriff questioned the cashier because he was told the money was missing.
The sheriff questioned the cashier because she took the money.
The analyst told Baker that the store was idle because his count was certain.
The analyst told the baker that the store was useless because she made bad bread.
The guard praised receiving treatment from the nurse because he felt very sick.
The guard praised receiving treatment from the nurse because she did a good job.
The manager asked the tailor for a new design but he did not set a date.
The manager asked the tailor for a new design but she was too busy.
The analyst received care from a nurse but did not mention his allergies.
The analyst gave the nurse free financial advice but she did not accept it.
The mechanic carefully followed the model offered by the designer because he wanted to meet the expectations.
The mechanic carefully followed the model offered by the designer as he is an important customer.
Sikarmi appreciates the hairdresser's work because he appreciates talent.
Sikarmi appreciates the hairdresser's work because she is the best.
The supervisor provided the writer with new equipment but he did not provide a new chair.
The supervisor provided the author with new tools but she did not appreciate it.
The sheriff complained to the designer because he didn't like the logo.
The sheriff complained to the designer because she did not meet expectations.
The manager asked to see the nurse because he was feeling sick.
The manager asked to see the nurse but she was busy with another patient.
The sheriff trusts the assistant because he is a trustworthy person.
The sheriff trusts the assistant because she was always honest.
The chef respects the baker because he knows how to know a good baker.
The chef respects the baker because he really knows how to bake.
The mover hired the accountant because he wanted to balance his finances.
The mover hired the accountant because she is well recommended.
The analyst consulted the librarian because he needed to find a book.
The analyst consulted the librarian because he knows a lot about the book.
The sheriff relies on the attendant because he or she is a trustworthy person.
The sheriff trusts the attendant because she is trustworthy.
The labourer told the teacher that he was also a teacher when he was a child.
The worker told the teacher that he had to speak loudly in class.
The salesperson spoke to the auditor because he was concerned about the audit.
The salesperson spoke to the auditor because she warned the sales department.
The CEO appointed the editor because he fired the last one.
The CEO appointed the editor because he is the best in the field.
The watchman cleaned the councillor's office because it was his job.
The watchman cleaned the councilor's office because she requested it.
The worker told the baker that he wanted a cake tomorrow.
The worker told the baker that he should not use eggs in the cake.
The mover told the teacher that he needed to make room for the sofa.
The mover told the teacher that he needed to be very patient with the children.
The supervisor was concerned by the auditor's visit because he lost track of expenses.
The supervisor was concerned by the auditor's visit because he is a very strict person.
The developer contacted the editor because he wanted help editing the article.
The developer contacted the editor because he needed more clarification in order to edit the book.
The guard asked the librarian to leave because it was late and he was leaving early.
The guard asked the librarian to leave because it was too late and she looked really tired.
The construction worker hired a cleaner so that she could only concentrate on the construction work.
Construction worker hires cleaner so she can focus on sanitation work
The driver gave the secretary a ride for free because he wanted to return a favor.
The driver gave the secretary a ride for a penny because she was an old friend.
The driver does not give the documents to the auditor because he was afraid.
The driver does not give the documents to the auditor because she did not submit the authorization form.
The chief has demanded an apology from the teacher as he felt humiliated.
The principal has demanded an apology from the teacher as she bit the child.
The doctor wrote to the author because he was a fan of one of the author's books.
The doctor wrote the letter to the author because he was a famous person.
The sheriff spoke to the clerk because he needed help with some paperwork.
The sheriff spoke with the clerk because she could provide help with some paperwork.
The mechanic hired the tailor because his old tailor had left town.
The mechanic hired the tailor because she could do the job.
The developer needed feedback from the cashier because he was developing the banking system.
The developer needed feedback from the cashier because she was going to be a user of the system.
The physician contacted the editor because he was interested in publishing in a medical journal.
The physician contacted the editor because she could help with the publication in the medical journal.
The farmer met the clerk so he could ask about the farm license.
The farmer meets the clerk that she can get the agricultural license approved.
The mechanic asked the attendant because he needed to order some equipment.
The mechanic asked the attendant because she was the only one who could help.
The mover rebuked the auditor because he knew things were fine.
The mover rebuked the auditor because she clearly made a mistake.
The chief hired the designer because he needed a new logo.
The chief hired a designer because she could design a new logo.
The doctor hired a secretary because he was overwhelmed with clients.
The doctor hired a secretary because he was highly recommended.
The farmer complained to the cashier because he felt disrespect.
The farmer complained to the cashier because she treated people with disrespect.
The salesperson contacted Taylor because he wanted to fix a suit.
The salesperson contacted Taylor because she promised to match the suit.
The chief returned a book to the librarian but he had damaged the book.
The chief returned a book to the librarian but complained of being late.
The watchman rebuked the accountant because he had to pay a fee due to an accounting mistake.
The watchman rebuked the accountant because she made a mistake in filing the papers.
The watchman rebuked the accountant because she made a mistake in filing the papers.
The watchman rebuked the accountant because he received a lower allowance.
The chief appointed an assistant because he needed help with the paperwork.
The principal appointed an assistant because he had a stellar grade in school.
Sikarmi met the teacher in such a way that he could fit the cabinets in the classroom.
Sikarmi met the teacher in such a way that she could ask questions of science.
The lawyer hired an assistant because he needed help with many pending cases.
The lawyer hired the assistant because she was unemployed.
The labourer was sent to the designer because he was trying to build a house.
The worker was sent to the designer because she was the best.
The cook befriended the clerk because he had cooked for an office party.
The chef befriended the clerk because she rated the restaurant well.
The analyst went to the cashier because he needed to make a deposit.
The analyst went to the cashier because she could help deposit the check.
Guard was a big fan of the author because he loved romantic novels.
Gard was a big fan of the author because she excelled at writing romantic novels.
The lawyer respected the housekeeper because he knew how hard the job was.
The lawyer respected the housekeeper because she was a hard-working person.
Cook had to hire an accountant so he wouldn't have to worry about finances.
Cook had to hire an accountant so she could help with the finances.
The CEO liked the hairdresser because he liked the hairstyle provided.
The CEO liked the hairdresser because she was willing to provide after-hours appointments.
Sikarmi hired a cleaner because his house was in disarray.
Sikarmi hired the cleaner because he was well recommended.
The attorney spoke with the counsel because he needed to gather more evidence for the case.
The attorney spoke with the counsel because he had important information to resolve the case.
The developer met with the teacher to see if he could develop new software for taking class attendance.
The developer met with the teacher so that she could respond to the new software to take the class attendance.
The manager encouraged the housekeeper because he appreciated the dedication.
The manager promoted the housekeeper because she was a skilled employee.
The mover went to the editor's house because he was requested to do so.
The mover went to the editor's house because he needed a mover.
The lawyer left the document with the clerk but he forgot to take the receipt.
The lawyer left the documents with the clerk but she lost them.
The farmer knows the editor because he likes the book.
The farmer knows the editor because she is really famous.
The farmer asked the baker for more bread because he was hungry.
The farmer asked the baker for more bread because he had improperly increased the price.
The guard told the cashier to be more careful because he saw the dangerous man.
The guard asked the cashier to be more careful as she was often careless.
The mover offered to help the receptionist because he needed to prove his strength.
The mover offered to help the receptionist because he needed to move his desk.
The guard never spoke to the accountant because he never patrolled the interior.
The guard never spoke to the accountant because she was always busy with the computer.
The analyst liked the haircut from the hairdresser because he could sit in a comfortable chair.
The analyst liked the haircut from the hairdresser because she would offer lunch.
Cook spoke to the editor because he wanted to publish the recipes.
Cook spoke to the editor because she had been to the restaurant once.
The construction worker gave the clerk a form saying he could start a new development project.
The construction worker gave the form to the clerk that he processes the application.
The construction worker coordinated with the designer so that he could better understand the design.
The construction worker coordinated with the designer so that she could better interpret the design.
The driver took the editor on a ride because he wanted to show the city.
The driver took the editor on a ride because she wanted to see the city.
The CEO was concerned by the auditor's visit because he could not submit some paperwork on time.
The CEO was concerned by the auditor's visit because she was known to be strict.
The driver went to the cashier because he needed to deposit.
The driver went to the cashier because he felt he needed the vehicle.
The salesperson met with the advisor because he was upset.
The salesperson met with the advisor because she wanted to buy the goods.
The cook spoke to the tailor because his apron needed to be fixed.
The cook spoke to the tailor because she wanted advice with the recipe.
The driver offered the teacher a ride but met with an accident on his way.
The driver offered the teacher a ride but she declined the offer.
The lawyer represented the author because he was a big fan.
The lawyer represented the author because she was in serious legal trouble.
The manager was friendly with the editor that he gets good publicity.
The manager was friendly with the editor that she could eventually write better about the company.
The CEO went to the tailor because he wanted a new suit.
The CEO went to the tailor because she was good at making fitted suits.
The mechanic was stopped by the librarian because he needed to inquire about a book.
The mechanic was stopped by the librarian because his car stopped in the middle of the road.
The doctor advised the cleaner because he found garbage in the office.
The doctor advised the cleaner because she did not use protective gear during work.
The driver gave the cleaner a ride so she could show up for work on time.
The driver gave the cleaner a ride that she would owe.
Sikarmi had to keep an assistant because he had too many new clients.
Sikarmi had to keep a helper because she was a friend of a friend.
The sheriff told the cleaner that he needed to find the building.
The sheriff told the cleaner that he had been requested to answer some questions.
The supervisor gave the ride to the housekeeper because he has a car.
The supervisor gave the home worker a ride because she lives far away.
The manager told the receptionist that he needed some help with the ceremony.
The manager told the receptionist that he should always dress formally for work.
The mechanic helped the author fix the engine and he got some books in return.
The mechanic helped the author fix the engine and she offered a few books to show her thanks.
The salesperson asked the housekeeper if he could meet with the house owner.
The salesperson asked the housekeeper if she could help make an appointment with the house owner.
The chowkidar sends sorted journals to the editor every day because he or she may receive a higher salary.
The chowkidar sends sorted journals to the editor every day because he needed them first.
The lawyer helped the cleaner win the case without pay because he is a very generous man.
The lawyer helped the cleaner win the case without pay because she is too poor to afford it.
The salesperson tried to convince the hairdresser to buy something and he was successful.
The salesperson tried to convince the hairdresser to buy something and she refused.
The construction worker apologized to the librarian because he made some noise.
The construction worker apologized to the librarian because she was angry.
The attendant blamed the driver because he was late.
The attendant blames the driver because she blames everyone.
Sikarmi always asks the librarian for help because he can only recognize a few words.
Sikarmi always asks the librarian for help because he knows too many words.
The doctor wanted to see the counselor because he had some questions about his responsibility in the medical accident.
The doctor wanted to see a counselor because he has a lot of experience with medical accidents.
Sikarmi took some money from the advisor and he had to work a lot to pay off the loan.
Sikarmi took some money from the advisor and she never asked for any interest.
The watchman caught the cashier stealing the money and he informed the owner.
The watchman catches the cashier stealing the money and she asks for mercy.
The sheriff asked the accountant many questions because he was a suspicious man.
The sheriff asked the accountant many questions because he was suspected of stealing the money.
The watchman cut the hairdresser a few times because he wanted a new haircut.
The watchman called the hairdresser a few times because she was too busy.
The watchman stopped the nurse because he needed to check everyone's identity.
The watchman stopped the nurse because she was not wearing a nurse's dress.
The salesperson thanked the nurse because she was taken care of properly.
The salesperson thanked the nurse because she bought the insurance.
The sheriff suspected the hairdresser was the killer but had no evidence.
The sheriff suspected the hairdresser was the killer but she claimed innocence.
The advisor helped the labourer because his salary was very low.
The advisor helped the labourer because he is a very kind person.
The secretary asked the salesperson to leave because he surprised people in the office.
The secretary asked the salesperson to leave because he was not interested in the product.
The supervisor showed dissatisfaction with the receptionist because he is too strict at work.
The supervisor showed dissatisfaction with the receptionist because she was too careless about the work.
The librarian reminded the mover how important the books were, and he promised to take precautions.
The librarian reminded the mover how important the books were and that he needed to make sure there were no leftovers.
The chief met the tailor because he needed to match the pants.
The chief met the tailor because she wanted to learn how to hem.
The guard checked the councillor's identity because it was his job.
The guard checked the councillor's identity and allowed him to enter the building.
The sheriff asked the receptionist the way to the toilet because he didn't know.
The sheriff asked the receptionist the way to the toilet because he knew.
The mechanic called the nurse because she had a broken leg.
The mechanic called the nurse because he knew how to take care of a broken leg.
The cleaner is angry at the cook because he made the kitchen dirty again.
The cleaner is angry at the cook because she spends so much time cleaning the kitchen.
The sheriff criticizes the teacher because he criticizes everyone who doesn't work at the station.
The sheriff criticized the teacher because she broke traffic rules.
The cleaner was angry with the farmer because he brought too much garbage.
The cleaner was angry with the farmer because he had to clean the hall again.
Baker got the mover because he broke the stove.
Baker got the mover because his stove was broken.
The developer was not recognized by the receptionist because he was not wearing a suit.
The developer was not recognized by the receptionist because she only paid attention to the people wearing the suit.
The clerk earns more than the guard because he is lazy and carefree.
The clerk earns more than the guard because she works hard.
The construction worker is very appreciative of the cashier because his work is very tiring.
The construction worker is very appreciative of the cashier because his salary is high.
The receptionist showed the driver the way to the hall because he was new to that town.
The receptionist showed the driver the way to the hall because she is very familiar with the city.
The salesperson did not like the attendant because he failed to sell the insurance.
The salesperson did not like the attendant because he did not buy the product.
The receptionist reminded the cook to wear a suit because he liked the clothes.
The receptionist reminds the cook to wear a suit because he always forgets.
The accountant contacted the attorney because he is an expert at handling this type of case.
The accountant contacted the attorney because he needed to know more details about the law.
The manager agreed to increase the assistant's salary because he is a generous man.
The manager agreed to increase the assistant's salary because she worked so hard.
Cook prepares some food for the author every day because he is very good at it.
Cook prepares some food for the author every day because she requested it.
The supervisor was impressed by the tailor because he is easily impressed.
The supervisor was impressed with the tailor because she showed great talent.
The chief thanked the secretary as his salary increased.
The chief thanked the secretary because she would recommend the owner to try the restaurant.
The supervisor invited the designer to the party because he wanted everyone to be there.
The supervisor invited the designer to the party because she made a big contribution.
The secretary asked Sikarmi to come tomorrow because he forgot to bring some equipment.
The secretary asked Sikri to come tomorrow as she was very busy today.
The attorney asked the secretary to prepare some paperwork because he was needed for the case.
The lawyer asked the secretary to prepare some papers and she promised to complete them in three hours.
Cook prepared the food for the advisor and was praised for it.
Cook prepared the food for the advisor and he liked it very much.
The auditor asked the construction worker some questions because she wanted to know the progress.
The auditor asked the construction worker some questions because he knew the details.
The analyst met the author because he liked learning about the book.
The analyst met the author because she made some mistakes in the book.
The guard protected the assistant because it is his responsibility.
The guard protected the assistant because he was threatened.
The worker called the accountant because he had a question about his salary.
The worker called the accountant because she made a mistake about the salary.
The analyst sent the report to the editor because he needed to do so.
The analyst sent the report to the editor because she made a request yesterday.
The receptionist walked away from the salesperson because she had to answer the phone.
The receptionist drove the salesperson away because he made too much noise.
The supervisor is talking to the teacher about the assignment because he or she has some concerns about overly familiar behavior with the students.
The clerk visits the doctor because he is a pathologist.
The clerk went to the doctor because his leg was hurting.
The chief thanked the nurse because she was well cared for in the hospital.
The chief thanked the nurse because she is very good with her patients.
The analyst blamed the accountant because he was in a bad mood.
The analyst blamed the accountant because she made some mistakes in her work.
The construction worker felt sorry for the receptionist because his negligence caused the injury.
The construction worker felt sorry for the receptionist because she was injured.
The guard hates the hairdresser because his hair is broken.
The guard hated the hairdresser because she charged so much.
The developer couldn't understand the accountant because he only knows how to code.
The developer couldn't understand the accountant because she blurred her speech.
The manager meets with the advisor every week because he wants to make sure everything follows the law.
The manager meets with the advisor every week because he or she knows more about the law.
The lawyer asked the teacher some questions as he prepared for the test.
The mechanic tries to meet the secretary because he needs more business.
The mechanic tries to meet the secretary because she can bring in a lot of business.
The supervisor asked the baker to prepare the cake because he liked the cake very much.
The supervisor asked the baker to prepare the cake because she is famous for them.
The maid showed the chowkidar the way because she has been there for twenty years.
The housekeeper showed the chowkidar the way because he was new.
The supervisor called the counsel because he had some questions about the law.
The supervisor called the counsel because he is an expert on the law.
The mechanic told the hairdresser that he needed fancy hair.
The mechanic told the hairdresser that she had a good haircut.
Sikarmi is complaining to the cashier because he was more agile.
Sikarmi is complaining to the cashier because he shows no respect to the customer at checkout.
The sheriff asked the auditor to leave right away because he is investigating the house.
The sheriff asked the auditor to leave now because he could be injured in the area.
The lawyer told the designer that she could lose her job because of the indictment.
The mechanic cries out to the accountant because he gets angry easily.
Cook is talking to the cashier because he put too much salt in a meal.
Cook is talking to the cashier because she overcharged a customer.
The labourer spoke to the sweeper and complained that his salary was very low.
The worker spoke to the cleaner and heard his complaint about the salary.
The guard told the tailor what design he wanted.
The analyst was angry with the clerk because he did not find any useful information.
The analyst was angry with the clerk because she did not provide any useful information.
Sikarmi helped the housekeeper to fast-track the window as he was experienced.
Sikarmi helped the housekeeper to fix the window as he did not know anything about those tools.
The sheriff asked the housekeeper because he needed to find the thief.
The sheriff asked the housekeeper because she claimed to know the thief.
The doctor argued with the receptionist because his luggage was missing.
The doctor argued with the receptionist because she made too many mistakes.
The lawyer refused to assist the editor because he was too busy.
The lawyer refused to assist the editor because he did not want to pay the bill.
The farmer did not want to speak to the writer because he was busy with irrigation.
The farmer did not want to speak to the author because she was busy writing a new novel.
The sheriff asked the librarian for help because he couldn't find the book he needed.
The sheriff asked the librarian for help because she was very familiar with the library.
The salesperson knows little about the teacher because she does not teach at that school.
The watchman does not like the baker because he has to help clean the garbage machine every day.
The watchman does not like the baker because she always messes with the kitchen.
Cook asked the nurse for help because his mother was sick.
Cook asked the nurse for help because she was alone.
The developer tried to convince the housekeeper that he needed the software.
The driver picked up the accountant from the airport because she couldn't find the bus there.
The manager liked the designer's product and agreed to buy it.
The manager likes the designer's product but she refuses to give the purchase permission.
The mechanic spoke to the councillor so often because he knew little about legal matters.
The mechanic spoke to the councilor so often because she couldn't understand those engineering words easily.
The mechanic hired the cleaner because he is too lazy to clean his garage.
The mechanic hired a cleaner because she could clean everything quickly.
The mover helped the writer pack up because he had too many things in his room.
Sikarmi came to the tailor because he wanted a new suit.
Sikarmi came to the tailor because she makes the best clothes in this city.
The construction worker needs an assistant because she can do everything.
The supervisor appointed the secretary because he has a hard time arranging everything.
The supervisor appointed the secretary because she could manage everything well.
The chief hired the receptionist because he was too busy answering those phone calls himself every day.
The chief hired a receptionist because she could help answer and record phone orders.
The watchman spoke to the auditor because he did not know which room needed to be cleaned.
The watchman spoke to the auditor because she was looking for something in the broom room.
The analyst goes to the tailor because he needs a new suit for the interview.
The analyst goes to the tailor because everyone knows that she makes the best clothes.
The sheriff asked the nurse to go along because she needed help coping with the accident.
The sheriff asked the nurse to go along because she could help care for the victims.
The watchman asks the receptionist where to go because it is his first day here.
The watchman asks the receptionist where to go because he knows the building very well.
The mover hit the tailor because he was careless.
The mover hit the tailor because she stood in the way.
The developer complained about the nurse because she received poor service.
The developer complained about the nurse because she has a bad attitude towards the patient.
The mechanic got a gift from the baker because he helped repair the stove.
The editor forgot the seller's name because she meets so many people every day.
The editor forgot the seller's name because they don't have anything special.
The councillor accused the agitator because some of his valuable collections are gone.
The councillor accused the agitator because he destroyed some important documents.
The supervisor told the cleaner the good news that he was going to get a pay raise.
The supervisor told the cleaner the good news that his salary was going to go up.
The tailor is a good friend of the lawyer because she can make a suit that fits well.
The tailor is a good friend of the lawyer because he needs a suit that fits him well.
The secretary messaged the chef about what he needed to prepare for the boss.
The secretary messaged the chef, wondering what the owner wanted to eat.
The secretary dismissed the farmer's petition and then she persuaded her superior.
The farmer kicked the assistant because he was very angry.
The farmer kicked the assistant because she deserved it.
The supervisor criticized the attendant because he could not tolerate any mistakes.
The supervisor criticized the attendant because she did something wrong.
The manager fired the librarian because he found a good candidate.
The manager fired the librarian because she was always complaining about her work.
The mover is waiting for the nurse because his hand is broken.
The mover is waiting for the nurse because she can clean the wound.
The farmer gave some tips to the attendant and she was very happy to get it.
The advisor warned the developer that she would charge people who broke the rules.
The advisor warned the developer that he had to follow the rule.
The doctor reminded the accountant that he had an appointment with another patient.
The doctor reminded the accountant that he should take care of his throat.
The labourer gave the tailor a loan because he was too poor to pay the bills.
The laborer gave the tailor a loan because she offered to make the suit for free.
The doctor is harassed a lot by the one who works at home because he doesn't know anything about medicine.
The doctor is harassed a lot by the one who works at home because he knows about the medicine.
The tailor was saved by the sheriff in the accident and received a reward for it.
The tailor was saved by the sheriff in the accident and she is very thankful for that.
Baker is afraid of the sheriff because she did something wrong.
Baker is afraid of the sheriff because he looks too serious.
The host knows the developer because she reads a lot of technical news.
The host knows the developer because he is very famous.
The author wrote the book about Sikarmi because she was inspired by the story.
The author wrote the book about Sikarmi because his story is very poignant.
The cook asked the attendant to use the cake because he had a great taste.
Cook asked the attendant to use the cake because he had no other friends.
The analyst hired a housekeeper because he couldn't stop doing the housework.
The analyst hired a housekeeper because she is good at cleaning.
Even though he wanted it, the guard competed with the attendant for the same job.
Although she was more qualified, the guard competed with the attendant for the same job.
The doctor checked the librarian for eye problems because she had read too much.
The doctor checked the librarian for an eye problem because he had the right equipment.
The driver asked the author to help him with the poem because he had never written anything in his life.
The driver asked the author to help him with the poetry as she published many of her poems.
The mover refused to obey the designer because he did not think the pedestal could support the weight of the artwork.
The mover refused to obey the designer because he gave no evidence that the pedestal could support the weight of the artwork.
The driver picked up the bread from the baker because he was employed as a delivery service.
The driver picked up the bread from the baker because she was very weak.
Sikri tried to prepare for the auditor's visit but he did not have the correct paperwork.
Sikri tried to prepare for the auditor's visit but she asked for too much.
The developer traded services with Baker because he didn't have a kitchen.
The developer traded services with Baker because he didn't have a computer.
The chief demanded that the auditor stop spying because he thought there was too much danger.
The chief demanded that the auditor stop spying because he never noticed the threat.
The doctor checked the hairdresser for injuries because she was clumsy with scissors.
The doctor checked the hairdresser for injuries because he was worried.
The watchman cleaned the tailor's garbage because he was told to do so.
The watchman cleaned the tailor's garbage because she asked well.
The chief refused to help the attendant in the car because it was not his job.
The chief refused to help the attendant in the car because it was his job.
The labourer wanted to take up the job of an attendant because he was tired of manual labour.
The laborer wanted to take the job of an attendant because he was not qualified.
Sikarmi asked the editor if he wanted a table.
Sikarmi asked the editor if he would take the table tomorrow.
The sheriff asked the editor to retract the story because she always wrote too many details.
The sheriff asked the editor to retract the story because he could not bear the negative pressure.
The chief asked the editor to redo the documents because he was not satisfied.
The chief asked the editor to redo the documents because she made a significant mistake.
Cook tried to avoid seeing the auditor because he knew that kitchen problems were easy to spot.
Cook tried to avoid seeing the auditor because he knew that kitchen problems were easy to spot.
The salesperson tried to convince the designer that no one could buy the design because he knew the customers well.
The salesperson tried to convince the designer that no one could buy the design because she failed to choose a good color.
The sheriff told the counsel that she was under investigation.
The sheriff told the counselor that he would arrive in the afternoon.
The lawyer gave free legal advice to the attendant, as he liked to help.
When winter came, the farmer would often visit the librarian because his work required less attention.
Because of his hot chocolate, when winter comes, the farmer would often visit the librarian.
The assistant hired the driver because he didn't have a license yet.
The assistant hired the driver because he offered excellent service.
The teacher and the watchman were talking about their disorganized students.
The teacher and the watchman were having a conversation about their excessive cleaning duties.
The developer argued with the designer and slapped him in the face.
The designer argued with the developer and slapped him in the face.
The mechanic gave the clerk a gift and wished him a happy birthday.
The clerk gave the mechanic a gift and wished him a happy birthday.
The mover thanked the housekeeper and hugged him.
The housemaid thanked the mover and hugged him.
The assistant got some documents from the analyst and helped her scan them.
The analyst gave the assistant some documents and asked him to scan them.
Pradhan thanked the housemaid and gave her some tips.
The housemaid cleaned Pradhan's room and asked him for a suggestion.
The salesperson sold some books to the librarian and gave him a discount.
The librarian gave the salesperson some books and asked him to read them.
The lawyer yelled at the hairdresser and threatened to sue her.
The hairdresser got the lawyer and asked him not to come again.
The cook prepared the dish for the teacher and he hoped for joy.
The teacher ordered the dish from the kitchen and gave her some tips.
The mover walked over to the hairdresser and laughed at her.
The hairdresser went ahead of the mover and laughed at him.
The doctor examined Baker and prescribed medication for him.
Baker gave the doctor bread and thanked him for his help.
The farmer gave an apple to the worker at home and wished him a happy day.
The maid gave the farmer an apple and wished him a happy day.
The nurse took care of the CEO and gave him some health tips.
The CEO ignored the nurse's suggestion and asked her to leave.
The hairdresser cut the kitchen's hair and asked her for a suggestion.
Cook prepared soup for the hairdresser and asked her for tips.
The developer went to meet the hairdresser and congratulated him on opening the new salon.
The hairdresser met the developer and congratulated him on the promotion.
The manager spoke to the hairdresser and offered her a new job.
The hairdresser spoke to the manager and asked him for help.
The driver hit the clerk and refused to apologize to him.
The clerk got into a fight with the driver and refused to pay him tips.
The auditor caught the developer cheating and reported it to her.
The developer spoke to the auditor and provided him with new documents.
The CEO increased the receptionist's salary and offered him paid leave.
The receptionist spoke to the CEO and asked him for a promotion.
The guard rescued the editor from the protesters and took him home.
The editor asked the guard to leave the room and asked him not to say anything.
The salesperson sold the assistant a new computer and taught him how to use it.
The assistant buys the computer from the seller and asks how to use it.
The auditor gave the guard a gift and wished him a good holiday.
The guard bought the auditor a gift and wished him a good holiday.
The secretary called the mover and asked him to come.
The mover called the secretary and asked him to come.
The salesperson negotiated with the cleaner and convinced him to buy a vacuum.
The cleaner spoke to the salesperson and asked him to provide a vacuum.
The farmer called the designer and asked him to design the website.
The designer called the farmer and asked him a few questions.
The mechanic charged the auditor a hundred dollars and helped him fix the machine.
The auditor checked the finance report by the mechanic and helped him identify some errors.
The manager pulled Baker out and asked him to leave.
Baker argued with the manager and threw the bread at him.
The doctor gave the medication to the designer and asked him to follow the instructions.
The designer met with the doctor and asked him to prescribe medication.
The laborers ran against the hairdresser and left him behind.
The hairdresser ran against the worker and left him behind.
The doctor had paid the cashier and refused to pay him back.
The cashier returned the money to the doctor and refused to refund him.
The hairdresser got the driver and got out of his car.
The driver yelled at the hairdresser and asked her to get out of the car.
The developer created a website for Taylor and charged $1,000.
The tailor made a sweater for the developer and charged a thousand dollars.
The farmer gave the tailor a bag of apples and asked him to make a sweater.
The tailor gave the farmer a sweater and asked him to wear it.
The mechanic called the editor and asked him to take the car back.
The editor called the mechanic and asked him to read the new magazine.
The receptionist welcomed the lawyer and gave him sweets.
The lawyer spoke to the receptionist and asked him to do one thing.
The manager praised the cleaner and selected him as the employee of the day.
The cleaner wrote a letter to the manager and asked him for advice.
The cleaner hated the developer and refused to clean his room.
The developer hated the cleaner and reported it to his manager.
The mechanic hired an assistant and gave him orientation.
The assistant asked the mechanic a few questions and thanked him for his help.
The writer interviewed the manager and asked him a few questions.
The manager answered the writer's phone call and asked him not to call again.
The doctor saw the nurse and asked her to do CPR.
The nurse saw the doctor and asked to see the patient.
The construction worker scheduled a meeting with the consultant and asked him for advice.
The councillor meets the construction worker and tells him that tomorrow is the next day.
The editor called the construction worker and asked what had happened.
The construction worker called the editor and told him the whole story.
The analyst asked the secretary to book the flight and thanked him for his help.
The secretary came to the analyst's office and helped him book a flight.
Sikarmi collaborated with the designer and gave him a prototype.
The designer collaborated with Sikarmi and gave him a blueprint.
The seller tried to fool the author and sold him some garbage.
The author tried to fool the salesperson and told him a false story.
The cook prepared soup for the housekeeper and waited for him to pay.
The housemaid cleaned the kitchen and waited for him for suggestions.
Sikarmi made a desk for the clerk and gave him a discount.
The clerk told Sikarmi and asked him to make a desk.
Cook prepared the dish for the designer and waited for his response.
The designer showed Cook a blueprint and asked him for feedback.
The cleaner called the guard and asked him to open the door.
The guard called the cleaner and asked him to open the door.
The worker kicked the cashier and refused to apologize to him.
The cashier kicked the worker and refused to apologize to him.
The watchman cleaned the room for the designer and asked him for suggestions.
The designer called the watchman and asked him to clean the room.
The mechanic greeted the receptionist and gave him an apple.
The receptionist greeted the mechanic and gave him an apple.
Cook always taught the assistant new techniques and gave him advice.
The assistant helped with the cooking and learned from him.
The farmer gave the teacher a bag of eggs and thanked him for teaching.
The teacher gave the farmer a book and asked him to read it.
The CEO bought the accountant a car and gave him the keys.
The accountant sent the documents to the CEO and asked him to sign.
The watchman cleaned the librarian's room and told him it was ready.
The librarian gave the book to the watchman and asked him to come back in time.
The librarian looked at the CEO and asked him to leave.
The CEO looked at the librarian and asked him for food.
The chief encouraged the author and brought his book.
The author sold a book to Pradhan and asked him to pay.
The developer likes to have coffee with the author and discussed it with him.
The author likes to have coffee with the developer and discusses it with him.
The nurse examined the worker and called an ambulance for him.
The worker called the nurse and asked her to help him.
The lawyer looked into the illegal charges against the cashier and helped him win the case.
The cashier hired a lawyer and gave him all the information.
The developer corrected the secretary and told him not to worry.
The secretary corrected the developer and told him not to worry.
The mover bought a beer for the cashier and thanked him for his help.
The cashier bought a beer for the mover and thanked him for his help.
The mover missed the assistant's call and called him back.
The assistant missed the call from the mover and called him back.
The supervisor tapped the editor and called him.
The editor tapped the supervisor and made him do it.
The assistant called the doctor and asked him for money.
The doctor called the assistant and asked him for help.
The labourer envied the receptionist and framed him.
The receptionist hated the worker and trapped him.
The construction worker looked at the teacher and asked him to leave.
The teacher looked at the construction worker and asked him a question.
The secretary went to meet the construction worker and asked him some questions.
The construction workers had gone to meet the secretary and asked him some questions.
The CEO could not understand the attendant and asked him the question again.
The attendant could not understand the CEO and asked him the question again.
Sikarmi made a wooden lion for the accountant and asked him to pay.
The accountant prepared a tax report for the security guard and asked him to pay.
The sheriff protected the writer and gave him a gun.
The writer called the sheriff and asked him to help.
The mechanic looked at the cashier and made inappropriate comments about him.
The cashier looked at the mechanic and made inappropriate comments about him.
The manager suggested the host and asked him to bring some cookies.
The host brought some cookies to the manager and asked him to choose one.
The analyst argued with the designer and printed them.
The designer argued with the analyst and printed them.
The driver yelled at Taylor and called him an idiot.
The tailor made the driver and called him a fool.
The clerk cheated on the supervisor and misinformed him.
The supervisor lied to the clerk and misinformed him.
The assistant laughed at the watchman and mistreated him.
The watchman laughed at the assistant and mistreated him.
The chief praised the accountant and offered him a promotion.
The accountant called the chief and thanked him for the offer.
The chief called the councilor and told him that she could take the day off.
The advisor called the chief and asked his permission.
The watchman did the cleaning for the writer and gave him a note.
The writer wrote a poem to the watchman and gave him a bill.
The housemaid borrowed a wrench from the mechanic and then kissed him.
The mechanic borrowed a broom from the housemaid and then kissed her.
The manager asked the accountant for help and then wrote his or her recommendation.
The accountant asks the manager for help and hopes he or she will.
The supervisor hit the cashier and he then apologized.
The cashier stole from the supervisor and then kidnapped the mother.
The chief could not help the clerk and then cried for him.
The clerk interrupted the chief at every turn and even gossiped about him.
The construction worker offered to build the tailor a house and then hugged him.
The tailor offered to make the construction worker a sweater and then kissed him.
The construction worker cast a spell for the attendant and then asked for his salary.
The attendant lost the construction worker's car and then apologized to them.
The salesperson greeted the clerk and then winked at him.
The clerk hated the salesperson and framed him.
The doctor addressed the teacher's concerns and abused her for following bad instructions.
The teacher asked the doctor about the best course of action and confided in him.
The lawyer accused Baker of negligence and then sued him.
Baker gave the lawyer some bread and then asked him to pay.
The construction worker started crying in front of the hairdresser and asked to stop.
The hairdresser started crying in front of the construction worker and asked to stop.
The developer couldn't help organizing the librarian and instead gave him a computer.
The librarian couldn't find the book for the developer and gave him the magazine instead.
The sheriff did not give the secretary another chance and arrested him.
The secretary asked the sheriff to move his car and charged him with negligence.
The guard could not protect the designer from harm and instead gave him a gun.
The designer gave the guard a hat and then stole his gun.
The watchman did the cleaning for the secretary and went on to praise her for her beauty.
The secretary took a clean look at the watchman and proceeded to praise him for his beauty.
The labourer asked the clerk for favours but secretly hated him.
The clerk extorted money by cheating the labourer and secretly hated him.
The driver gave the car to the housekeeper and told him where to go.
The maid at home sweeps the driver and tells him where to clean.
The labourer could not move the housekeeper and made him do badly.
The housemaid could not understand the labourer and looked at him.
The mover thought the cleaner was weak and moved his desk.
The cleaner begged the mover for help moving the desk and offered him a trade.
The developer treated the secretary rudely and fought him off.
The secretary hated the developer and was rude to him.
The watchman was friendly with the cleaner and liked him.
The cleaner worked in the chowkidar's favour and liked him.
The salesperson likes to lean on the cashier and ask him or her for money.
The cashier praised the seller and, despite feeling cheated, gave the money.
Sikarmi often made items for the attendant and received his love.
The attendant was always impressed by Sikarmi's gesture and understood his love.
The chief saw the hairdresser behaving strangely and questioned him.
The hairdresser approached the chief and asked him for mercy.
The labourer dug a pit for the secretary and demanded payment.
The secretary was shocked to see the labourer's behaviour and asked him to stop.
The guard cared for the teacher and therefore protected him.
The teacher told the guard about the threat and was later found safe by him.
The nurse examined Sikarmi and sent her to the hospital.
Sikarmi showed the nurse the injury and told her what happened.
The construction worker confirmed that the accountant could work and gave him the form.
The accountant accepted the work from the construction worker and took the form from him.
The worker told the editor that he needed a job and he applied.
The editor told the worker that the job was open and invited him to apply.
The attorney spoke to the auditor and asked to be provided with documents.
The auditor saw the lawyer and provided him with the documents.
The CEO took the goods from the cashier and then paid him.
The cashier was handed the money by the CEO and then the goods to him.
The labourer always used an assistant for help and gave him a hammer.
The assistant likes to help the labourer and therefore holds a hammer for him.
The labourer wanted to help the assistant and dug a pit for him.
The assistant needs the labourer's help and asks him to dig a pit.
The nurse heard the farmer screaming and examined him.
The farmer called the nurse and asked her for an exam.
The manager spoke to the auditor and asked him to stay late.
The auditor spoke to the manager and asked him to close the complaint.
The guard saw the receptionist taking the pen and charged him.
The receptionist stole the pen from the guard and tricked him.
The developer needed the clerk's help with the paperwork and asked him or her
The clerk freely offered to help the developer with the paperwork and he accepted.
The driver needed a nurse to test and asked her
The nurse saw the driver lame and checked on him.
The manager noticed that the clerk was being slow and asked to come to work early.
The clerk tried to hide her behavior from the manager but failed to deceive him.
The farmer needed an accountant for the crop schedule and asked him for help.
The accountant was willing to help the farmer schedule the crop and offered her help.
The analyst noticed that the teacher was bad at math and made fun of him.
The teacher showed the analyst the math exercises and was embarrassed of him.
The supervisor saw that the nurse had a bad injection and sent her to a therapeutic study.
The nurse gave a poor injection in front of the supervisor and was sent by him to a therapeutic study.
The worker approached the auditor for an inspection but instead humiliated him.
The auditor tried to warn the worker but instead confused him.
Sikarmi praised the receptionist and made him a chair.
The receptionist needs a maid to make the chair and asks her.
The councillor questioned the farmer's sanity and was forced to give him an exam.
The councillor questioned the farmer's sanity and forced him to take the exam.
The construction worker was a fan of the author and read his books.
The writer never met the construction worker and did not like to meet him.
The manager saw the teacher perform well and increased his salary.
The teacher performed well for the manager and asked for an increase in his salary.
The farmer confronted the auditor and asked him to leave.
The auditor was required to examine the farmer's farm and arrived at his doorstep in the morning.
The CEO was ordered by the court to investigate by a counselor and independently submitted an examination to him.
The councilor was ordered to check on the CEO and walk towards his house.
The salesperson noticed that the accountant never bought anything and then hated him.
The accountant never bought anything from the salesperson and hated all of his offers.
Pradhan bought the bread from the baker and paid him.
The baker gave the chief the bread and received his payment.
The driver needed to transport the advisor and pick him up in the morning.
The counselor asked the driver for a ride and asked him to schedule a morning wake-up.
The construction worker knew the nurse was the best and asked her to check.
The nurse saw that the construction worker was injured and examined him.
The supervisor confronted the librarian and asked him to produce the book.
The librarian hid the book from the supervisor and asked him to see where the end was.
The CEO saw the problem in the clerk's report and asked to submit evidence.
The clerk was required to satisfy the CEO and prepared a report for him.
The lawyer needed a librarian to find the book and asked him
The librarian satisfied the lawyer's request and gave him a book.
The analyst noticed that the cleaner forgot to lift the papers and reminded him.
Cleaner never picked up the analyst's paper and asked him today if it was acceptable.
The supervisor saw the hairdresser's long hair and told him to cut his hair.
The hairdresser hated the supervisor's hair and never praised him.
The construction worker does not trust the baker and never buys his bread.
Baker liked the construction worker and tried to sell him bread at a discount.
The CEO was ignored by the designer and therefore declined his offer.
The designer hated the CEO and ignored him.
The CEO did not trust the cleaner and asked him to leave.
Kleiner liked to spy on the CEO and listened to his conversations.
The salesperson saw the baker's dirty kitchen and asked him to stop selling bread.
Baker tried to hide the kitchen fungus from the salesperson but it made her increasingly angry.
The driver was embarrassed to see the librarian's dumb hat and did not take him anywhere.
The librarian wore a stupid hat in front of the driver and refused his request to change.
The farmer saw that the receptionist was tall and later believed
The receptionist did a good job for the farmer and earned his trust.
Cook loved the librarian's books and constantly stole them from him.
The librarian liked to share books with Cook but stopped when he started stealing.
The guard admired the secretary and wanted his job.
The secretary never saw the guard and did not want his job.
The CEO liked the baker's bread and regularly bought from him.
Baker sold bread to the CEO and enjoyed his visit.
The auditor came to the doctor complaining of a wound and got her examined.
The doctor looked at the auditor and examined him for wounds.
The manager wanted to be cruel to the cashier and suggested he find a new job.
Cassier performed poorly for the manager and proved him right.
The receptionist was tired of getting bad reports from the analyst and asked him to leave.
The analyst was tired of getting bad reports from the receptionist and asked him to leave.
The mover saw how weak the clerk was and moved the desk for her.
The clerk asked the mover to help him carry the desk and thanked him.
The construction worker needed to talk to the housekeeper and called him in.
The housemaid saw the construction worker waving at her and went to her.
The CEO would enjoy having the housekeeper come to work and ask him or her to sweep.
The housemaid forgot to brush her teeth until the CEO did and praised her comments.
The worker made the bookshelf to the librarian and gave him the bill.
The librarian orders a bookshelf from the worker and he quickly completes the project.
The farmer enjoyed the quiet moments with the hairdresser and constantly visited her.
In the farmer's silence, the hairdresser was okay and cut his hair.
The sheriff thought the cashier had taken the money and questioned him.
The cashier told the sheriff that she had lost the money but failed to convince him.
The supervisor saw that the accountant was unable to follow the protocol and abused him.
The accountant never liked the supervisor and liked him less and less after he cried.
The analyst reported it to Baker and told him it was done.
Baker was horrified by the analyst's report and was afraid to speak to him.
The guard went to the nurse and submitted to her examination.
The nurse carefully examined the guard and released an estimate of his illness.
The tailor spoke to the manager and then asked him to pick her up.
The manager spoke to the tailor and then asked him to make a new design.
The nurse offered to help the analyst and then gave him a pillow.
The analyst offered to help the nurse and then did her tax work.
The designer got to know the mechanic and then greeted him.
The mechanic recognized the designer and then greeted him.
The hairdresser called Sikarmi and then asked her for help.
Sikarmi called the hairdresser and then asked her for help.
The supervisor helped the writer and then asked him to return the favor.
The writer helped the supervisor and then asked him to return the favor.
The designer contacted the sheriff and then explained the situation to him.
The sheriff contacted the designer and then explained his situation.
The nurse met the manager and then helped him with the problem.
The manager reached out to the nurse and then helped her with the problem.
The assistant called the sheriff and explained the situation to him.
The sheriff called the assistant and then gave his order.
Baker greets the cook and then offers him some help.
Vance greets Baker and then offers him some help.
The accountant spoke to the mover and then offered him some help.
The mover spoke to the accountant and then asked him for advice.
The librarian showed the analyst a book and then loaned him something else.
The analyst asked the librarian for the book and then took nothing from him on loan.
The attendant fed the sheriff water and then gave him a menu.
The sheriff asked the steward for the menu and then asked him a question.
The teacher greeted the worker and started a conversation with him.
The worker greeted the teacher and started a conversation with him.
The auditor warns the seller and then gives him a notice.
The seller provided the quote to the auditor and then showed him the goods.
The editor spoke to the CEO and showed him the draft.
The CEO spoke to the editor and increased his salary.
The councilor advised the watchman and provided him with useful resources.
The watchman spoke to the advisor and explained his situation.
Baker approached the worker and asked him about the weather.
The worker approached the baker and asked about the weather.
The mover worked for the teacher and helped her live in the new apartment.
The teacher drove the mover back home and paid him for the work.
The auditor advised the supervisor and warned him or her.
The supervisor thanked the auditor and conveyed his best wishes.
The editor met with the developer and asked him for an explanation.
The developer met with the editor and asked him for an explanation.
The librarian saw the guard and greeted him.
The guard saw the librarian and greeted him.
The cleaner thanked the construction worker and gave him a ride home.
The construction worker thanked the cleaner and rewarded him for the excellent cleaning services.
The secretary contacted the driver and asked him to go home.
The driver called the secretary and asked if he needed a vehicle.
The supervisor abused the assistant and then fired him.
The assistant was fired by the supervisor and called evil.
The driver approached the auditor and asked for his help.
The auditor approached the driver and asked for his help.
The teacher explained the situation to the principal and he felt understood.
The principal explained the situation to the teacher and he felt understood.
The author went to see the doctor and asked him about his health problems.
The doctor went to see the author and asked how to write a good book.
The clerk responded to the sheriff and suggested he submit the document as soon as possible.
The sheriff saluted the clerk and wished him a happy day.
The tailor saw the mechanic and explained the price to him.
The mechanic saw the tailor and explained the price to him.
The cashier spoke to the developer and then called him for a cup of coffee.
The developer spoke to the cashier and then invited him over for a cup of coffee.
The editor contacted the doctor and asked him for medical advice.
The doctor contacted the editor and asked about publishing him in a medical journal.
The clerk gave the paperwork to the farmer and immediately explained to him the importance of filing.
The farmer referred the business to the clerk and told him about some common problems.
The attendant spoke to the mechanic and asked him to get the car.
The mechanic spoke to the attendant and asked him for a refund.
The auditor contacted the mover and asked him about the transfer.
The mover contacted the auditor and asked him about another inspection.
The designer contacted the principal and asked for requirements for the new logo.
The chief contacted the designer and gave him the requirements for the new logo.
The secretary called the doctor and told him about the new patient.
The doctor called the secretary and asked him to cancel the appointment.
The cashier saw the farmer and asked him to provide a signature.
The farmer went to the cashier and asked him about the deposit.
The tailor hired the salesperson and asked him to sell the suit for the business.
The seller gave the money to the tailor and thanked him for the good work.
The librarian spoke to the principal and recommended a book to her.
The principal spoke to the librarian and asked him for a book recommendation.
The accountant meets the watchman and greets him.
The watchman met the accountant and wished him well.
The accountant meets the watchman and greets him.
The watchman met the accountant and wished him well.
The assistant informed the chief about the problem and asked him to take action.
The chief informed the assistant and asked him to take notes.
The teacher spoke to Sikarmi and asked him to get a chair.
Sikarmi spoke to the teacher and asked him a science question.
The assistant contacted the lawyer and kept him.
The attorney contacted the assistant and asked him to book a new appointment.
The designer paid attention to the worker and greeted him enthusiastically.
The worker noticed the designer and greeted him enthusiastically.
The clerk met the cook and asked him for advice on the recipe.
Vance met the clerk and asked him for help with the paperwork.
The cashier returned the check to the analyst and asked him to support her.
The analyst went to the cashier and asked him to deposit the check.
The writer met the guard and signed an autograph for him.
The guard met the author and asked for an autograph from him.
The housekeeper contacted the lawyer and asked him for advice.
The lawyer had represented the domestic worker and helped him win the case.
The accountant called the cook and asked him to prepare food for the party.
Bhanse called the accountant and informed him about the financial situation.
The hairdresser styled the CEO's hair and recommended him a hair jail.
The CEO called the hairdresser and paid her over the phone.
The cleaner contacted Sikarmi and asked him to get a wooden cabinet.
Sikarmi contacted the cleaner and asked him to clean the house.
The councillor gave a statement to the lawyer and asked to be kept secret.
The lawyer had heard the counsel's argument and given his statement about the events.
The teacher provided the requirements to the developer and asked if it was possible to implement them.
The developer went to the teacher and asked about the weather.
The housemaid demanded a promotion from the manager and he complied.
The manager offered to raise the houndkeeper's salary and she gladly accepted.
The editor met the mover and spoke to him about the transfer.
The mover met with the editor and asked about the magazine's business.
The clerk made eye contact with the lawyer and smiled at him.
The lawyer made eye contact with the clerk and smiled at him.
The editor greeted the farmer and asked him for time.
The farmer greeted the editor and asked him for time.
The attendant served the analyst and made him feel welcome.
The analyst met the attendant and thanked him for his service.
The farmer saw that the baker had too much bread and requested him to share it.
The baker took a lot of money from the farmer and did not like to give him more bread.
The guard remarked that the cashier was negligent and asked to be careful.
The cashier never noticed the guard and asked him to move away.
The mover offered assistance to the receptionist and moved his desk.
The receptionist asked for help from the mover and asked him for help.
The accountant ignored the guard and never spoke to him.
The guard tried to befriend the accountant and bought him a calculator.
The analyst liked to cut hair from the hairdresser and used to visit her frequently.
The hairdresser always showed gifts to the analyst and cut her hair neatly.
The editor liked the cook's food and promised to come back.
Cook fed the editor and left him satisfied.
The clerk helped the construction worker and gave him a lot of information.
The construction worker gave the documents to the clerk and asked him to process the application.
The designer met the construction worker and explained the design to him.
The construction worker met the designer and asked a lot of questions about the design.
The editor stopped the driver and asked him for a ride.
The driver gave the editor a ride and gave him a water bottle.
The auditor was not generous with the CEO and gave him a stern warning.
The CEO thanked the auditor and believed in his good judgment.
The cashier called the driver and asked him for a ride.
The driver went to the cashier and asked him to help with the withdrawal process.
The counselor saw the salesperson and advised him to rest.
The salesperson saw the advisor and sold him some books.
The tailor matched the kitchen apron and he was very thankful.
The cook prepared the food for the tailor and she was very thankful.
The teacher thanked the driver for the ride and promised to pay later.
The driver offered the teacher a ride and picked him up on time.
The writer hired a lawyer and then explained the situation to him.
The lawyer was hired by the author and then she obtained legal aid.
The editor met with the manager and showed him the editorial.
The manager met with the editor and showed him the office.
The tailor delivered a new suit for the CEO and asked him to wear it.
The CEO received the new suit from the tailor and then proceeded to pay him.
The librarian shook the mechanic's hand and walked away from him.
The mechanic shook the librarian's hand and walked away from him.
The cleaner meets the doctor and asks him about medical care.
The doctor met the cleaner and asked him to clean the office.
The cleaner abused the driver and forgot to thank him for the ride.
The driver discouraged the cleaner and complained about his service.
The assistant helped Sikarmi and learned from him.
Sikarmi taught the assistant the craft and did not let him be distracted.
The cleaner shook the sheriff and walked over to him.
The sheriff shook the cleaner and walked over to him.
The maid smiled at the supervisor and gave him a cup of tea.
The supervisor smiled at the housekeeper and asked him to make tea.
The receptionist spoke to the manager and thanked him for his help.
The manager interacted with the receptionist and praised him for his excellent work.
The author met the mechanic and recommended some books to him.
The mechanic met the writer and helped him fix his car engine.
The housekeeper spoke to the seller a few times and refused his product.
The salesperson spoke to the housekeeper a few times and convinced him to buy the product.
The watchman stopped the editor and showed him how to clean the floor.
The editor stopped the watchman and showed him the newspaper every day.
The cleaner asked the lawyer a few questions and then praised him.
The lawyer asked the cleaner a few questions and then decided to help him out without money.
The hairdresser talked to the salesperson and tried to get him new hair.
The salesperson spoke to the hairdresser and tried to sell him something.
The librarian walked over to the construction worker and told him to shut up.
The construction worker turned to the librarian and asked to leave the construction area.
The attendant smiled at the driver and reminded him to pick the boss in time.
The driver smiled at the attendant and asked when he was going to pick up the owner.
The librarian spoke to Sikarmi and asked her to arrange a table in the library.
Sikarmi spoke to the librarian and asked him to recommend some books for him to read.
The counselor wanted to meet with the doctor and ask how to deal with the abdominal pain.
The doctor wanted to meet with the counselor and asked him how to deal with the medical accident.
The advisor had to give Sikarmi some money and worked very hard to pay off his debts.
Sikarmi had to give some money to the advisor and make furniture for him.
The cashier followed the watchman and learned that he had stolen some money from the store.
The watchman followed the cashier and found out that she had stolen some money from the store.
The accountant showed the sheriff some documents and wanted to convince him.
The sheriff showed the accountant some documents and told her that she had been arrested.
The hairdresser asked the watchman some questions and cut his hair.
The watchman asked the hairdresser some questions and let him in.
The nurse spoke to the watchman a few times and gave him a Christmas present.
The watchman spoke to the nurse a few times and gave her a Christmas present.
The nurse smiled at the salesperson and began to take his temperature.
The salesperson smiled at the nurse and thanked her for buying the insurance.
The hairdresser walked over to the sheriff and thanked him for catching the thief.
The sheriff walked over to the hairdresser and criticized her for breaking traffic rules.
The worker met with the counselor and asked him for help.
The councillor could not help the labourer and asked him to leave.
The secretary asked the salesperson to leave and told him never to come back.
The salesperson asked the secretary to leave and got him out.
The receptionist blamed the supervisor for the mistake but could not express her dissatisfaction.
The supervisor blamed the receptionist for the mistake and fired him.
The librarian greeted the mover and reminded him to be careful with the book.
The mover greeted the librarian and asked where the book was.
The tailor went to meet the chief and helped him put on his pants.
The chief met the tailor and helped him prepare dinner.
The councilor asked the guard a few questions and praised him for his good work.
The guard asked the councilor some questions and let him enter the office.
The receptionist helped the sheriff and he was very grateful for that.
The sheriff helped the receptionist and she was very thankful for that.
The nurse called the mechanic and told him what medicine to take.
The mechanic called the nurse and asked how to treat the broken leg.
The cleaner didn't like the cook because he made the kitchen very dirty.
Cook doesn't like the cleaner because she broke the stove.
The teacher meets the sheriff and asks him a few questions.
The sheriff met with the teacher and asked him a few questions.
The farmer recognized the cleaner and sent him some money.
The cleaner understood the farmer and sent him some money.
Baker made the mover and asked him to leave.
The mover cried out to Baker and asked him to leave.
The receptionist recognized the developer and took him into the lobby.
The developer recognized the receptionist and asked where the lobby was.
The guard works harder than the clerk and gets more praise than he does.
The clerk works harder than the guard and gets more praise than she does.
The cashier spoke to the construction worker and hoped to be paid the same as he was.
The construction worker spoke to the cashier and was expected to be paid the same as him.
The receptionist recognized the driver and took him to the ceremony.
The driver recognized the receptionist and introduced him to the owner.
The attendant greets the seller and introduces him to the owner.
The salesperson greeted the attendant and tried to sell him something.
The receptionist told Cook the date of the ceremony and reminded him to wear a suit.
Cook told the receptionist the date of the ceremony and reminded him to wear a suit.
The assistant spoke to the manager and asked for a pay raise.
The manager spoke to the assistant and praised him for the hard work.
The tailor spoke to the supervisor and was impressed with his hard work.
The supervisor spoke to the tailor and was impressed with his talent.
The cashier complained something to the chief but he was not listening.
The chief complained something to the cashier but she was not listening.
The chief spoke to the secretary and thanked him.
The secretary spoke to the chief and thanked him.
The designer invited the supervisor to the party and he smiled.
The supervisor invited the designer to the party and she smiled.
The secretary made Sikarmi and drove him away.
Sikarmi called the secretary and drove him away.
The secretary met with the lawyer and reminded him to check the email.
The lawyer met the secretary and asked him to prepare the documents.
The advisor walked over to the cook and thanked him for providing the dinner.
The cook walked over to the advisor and asked him a few questions.
The auditor smiled at the construction worker and gave him water.
The construction worker smiled at the auditor and gave him water.
The author interacted with the analyst and showed interest in his work.
The analyst interacted with the author and showed interest in his work.
The assistant helped the guard and told him to be careful the next time.
The guard helped the assistant and told him to be careful the next time.
The attendant spoke to the doctor and was amazed at his knowledge.
The doctor spoke to the attendant and was amazed at his knowledge.
The accountant asked the worker to come to the meeting but he forgot.
The worker asked the accountant to join the meeting but she forgot.
The editor interacted with the analyst and wanted to collaborate with him.
The analyst interacted with the editor and wanted to collaborate with him.
The receptionist spoke to the salesperson and declined his suggestion to buy insurance.
The salesperson spoke to the receptionist and convinced him to buy insurance.
The teacher met with the supervisor and told him of the concern.
The supervisor met with the teacher and explained his concerns.
The clerk called the doctor and asked about the medicine.
The doctor called the clerk and asked about the product.
The nurse thanked the chief and gave him a gift.
The chief thanked the nurse and gave her a gift.
The accountant met with the analyst and recommended him for some jobs.
The analyst met with the accountant and recommended him for some jobs.
The receptionist helped the construction worker and received a gift from him.
The construction worker helped the receptionist and got a gift from him.
The hairdresser met the guard and thanked him.
The guard went to meet the hairdresser and thanked her.
The accountant turned to the developer and gave him a cup of coffee.
The developer walked up to the accountant and gave him a cup of coffee.
The manager regularly meets with the advisor and asks him or her for advice.
The advisor meets with the manager regularly and makes suggestions to him or her.
The secretary went to the mechanic and asked what was wrong with the machine.
The mechanic went to the secretary and asked where the machine was.
Baker spoke to the supervisor and learned a lot from him.
The supervisor spoke to Baker and taught him a lot.
The maid showed the chowkidar the way and took him to the kitchen.
The watchman showed the housekeeper the way and took him to the kitchen.
The advisor did not like the supervisor and wanted to leave his group.
The supervisor did not like the advisor and fired him.
The author contacted the CEO and asked for his opinion about the book.
The CEO contacted the author and asked for his or her suggestions about the book.
The cashier borrowed the tool from Sikarmi but did not return anything to him.
Sikarmi borrowed the tool from the cashier but did not return anything to him.
The auditor spoke to the sheriff and wanted to hear his opinion.
The sheriff spoke to the auditor and wanted to hear his opinion.
Baker wanted to thank Sikarmi and bake some bread for him.
Sikarmi wanted to thank Baker and made a chair for him.
The designer wanted to help the lawyer but he refused.
The lawyer wanted to help the designer but she refused.
The accountant got angry with the mechanic and complained about him to the boss.
The mechanic got angry with the accountant and complained about him to the owner.
Cook sent a gift to the cashier and thanked him.
The cashier sent a gift to Cook and thanked him.
The worker eats more than the cleaner because he works harder.
The cleaner eats more than the worker because she works harder.
The mechanic learned a lot from the teacher and sent him a thank you card.
The teacher learned a lot from the mechanic and sent him a thank you card.
Baker gave the box to the guard and asked him to make the delivery.
The guard gave the box to the baker and praised his baking skills.
The tailor stopped the guard and identified him.
The guard stopped the tailor and asked for his identity.
The analyst asked the clerk a few questions and thanked him.
The clerk asked the analyst a few questions and sent them to her.
The lawyer asked the nurse about the surgery and thanked her.
The nurse asked the lawyer about the case and thanked him.
Sikarmi stopped the housekeeper and helped him.
The housemaid stopped Sikarmi and helped her.
The sheriff opened the door for the housekeeper and he was waiting to break in.
The housekeeper opened the door for the sheriff and waited for her to enter.
The doctor asked the receptionist about the booking price and thanked him.
The receptionist helped the doctor find a room and left him alone.
The lawyer saw the editor at the restaurant and greeted him.
The editor saw the lawyer at the restaurant and greeted him.
The farmer bought a book from the author and paid for it.
The author bought some fruits from the farmer and paid for them.
The sheriff borrowed a book from the librarian but never returned it to him.
The librarian helped the sheriff find the book and smiled at him.
The salesperson spoke to the teacher and invited him to dinner.
The teacher spoke to the salesperson and invited him to dinner.
The watchman cleaned for the baker and asked him for suggestions.
The baker packs the watchman some bread and waits for the money he pays.
Cook got a call from the nurse and started preparing lunch for her.
The nurse got a call from Cook and started preparing for her surgery.
The developer successfully helped the housekeeper sell and install the product.
The housemaid bought the product from the developer and asked to install it.
The driver left the accountant in the corner and told him to be careful while crossing the road.
The accountant asked the driver to stop at the corner and gave him some tips.
The manager had a long discussion with the designer and tried to convince him to sell the idea.
The designer discussed the idea with the manager for a long time but still refused to sell him the idea.
The mechanic not only explained many terms to the advisor but wrote something for him.
The advisor not only explained the terms of the mechanic's economy and wrote something down for him.
The mechanic opened the door for the cleaner and took him into the room.
The cleaner knocked on the mechanic's door and waited for him to show up.
The mover followed the author's instructions and was waiting outside his apartment.
The writer asked the mover to move into the all-new apartment and paid her.
Sikarmi stopped the tailor from entering the workplace and spoke to him.
The tailor showed Sikarmi the tool and let him try it.
The construction worker asked the assistant to make a list of today's meeting and thanked him.
The assistant made a list of today's schedule for the construction worker and showed it to him.
The supervisor asked the secretary to stop and put him to work.
The secretary greeted the observer and explained the report to him.
The chief hired a receptionist and bought him a new phone for work.
The chief kept the receptionist and would receive payment from him.
The watchman spoke to the auditor and passed his files.
The auditor called the watchman and asked him to clean the hall.
The analyst met the tailor at home and asked him to make a new suit.
The tailor met the analyst at home and offered him a new design.
The sheriff stopped the nurse and hugged her for great help.
At the scene, the nurse met the sheriff and helped him with the accident.
The watchman met the receptionist and took the key from him every day.
The receptionist waits for the watchman and takes him back every day.
The mover went to Taylor's house and helped him move the box.
The tailor called the mover and asked him to arrive before 9 pm.
The developer was let off by the nurse and discussed the surgery with her.
The nurse gave the developer a prescription and told him not to worry.
The mechanic helped Baker assemble the machine and charged him $1000.
Baker gives the cake to the mechanic and waits for the money to be paid.
The salesperson called the editor and asked him to write an article about the company.
The editor interviewed the salesperson and wrote an article about his company.
The mover arrived early at the advisor's house and offered to help him.
The advisor called the mover and asked him to start early.
The supervisor stopped the cleaner and told him not to clean the room.
The cleaner stopped the supervisor and told him not to take that route.
The lawyer called the tailor and met with him.
The tailor called the lawyer and met with him.
Cook decided to dismiss the secretary and asked him not to come here the next Monday.
The secretary got into a fight with the cook and threw a book at him.
The farmer consulted the secretary on many matters and invited him to dinner.
The secretary bought many products from the farmer and asked him for a discount.
The farmer hired an assistant and asked him to come to work twice a week.
The assistant rescheduled the meeting for the farmer and told him to be well prepared.
The supervisor got into a fight with the attendant and decided to sack him.
The attendant accidentally hit the supervisor and apologized to him.
The manager asked the librarian many questions and finally thanked him.
The librarian went to the bookshelf and asked the manager what he needed.
The mover discussed the surgery with the nurse and thanked her.
The nurse helped send the mover to the hospital and continued to comfort him.
The farmer took the attendant to the railway station and gave him a gift.
The attendant bought some fruits from the farmer and paid him by cheque.
The developer consulted the counselor for hours and gave him a lot of money.
The counselor taught the developer how to write a patent and charged him $2,000.
The doctor examined the accountant in detail and told him not to worry.
The accountant showed the doctor the bill and asked him to pay it on time.
The labourer saw the tailor in the corner and spoke to him for 2 hours.
The tailor gave the labourer a new suit and did not charge him anything.
The doctor hired a housekeeper and asked him to work every day.
The maid at home picked up the doctor and said someone was calling her.
The sheriff had a conversation with the tailor and invited him to dinner later.
The tailor finished the suit for the sheriff and called him.
The driver crashed into the designer's artwork and paid him a lot of money.
The designer stopped the driver and asked him to take precautions at the Expo location.
The sheriff returned the expired cake to the baker and asked him not to refund the money.
Baker packs a cake for the sheriff and waits for the money to be paid.
The watchman asked the clerk how to find the living room and thanked him.
The clerk asked the watchman to clean the living room and thanked him.
The developer could not find the attendant in the room and left him a note.
The attendant told the developer that there was a meeting and offered him a place.
Sikarmi went to the writer's house and made a window for him.
The writer met Sikarmi at the shopping mall and scheduled a meeting with him.
The cook needed an attendant to be the taste checker and asked her
The attendant strolls over the cake prepared by the cook and responds to him.
The analyst was required to bring the housekeeper inside the house and paid him to do so.
The housekeeper was paid by the analyst and did his homework.
The guard wanted to scold the attendant and framed him.
The attendant did not want to fight with the guard and gave him flowers.
The doctor noticed that the librarian's eyes were puffy and treated him.
The librarian wrote a good note to the doctor and gave him the book.
The driver asked the writer for help and offered to pay him.
The writer wrote a note to the driver and also gave him relationship advice.
The mover refused to move the artwork the designer asked for and demanded a reconsideration.
The designer tried to convince the mover that there was nothing wrong and even drew a drawing for him.
The driver realized Baker's weakness and helped her deliver.
Baker never sought the driver's help and beat him with a baguette.
Sikarmi did not know what to do when the auditor arrived and gave her all the papers.
The auditor was surprised by Sikarmis institutional absence and warned that the audit would not end well.
The developer wanted free bread from the baker and created a story about not having his own kitchen.
Baker knew that the developer was lying about the kitchen but anyway made him bread.
The chief was concerned for the auditor's safety and asked him to stop spying.
The auditor ignored the chief's warning and kept him out of his mind.
The CEO was concerned about the arrangements made by the teacher to the student and called him.
The teacher couldn't stand the CEO and deliberately failed her son.
The doctor was concerned for the hairdresser and checked for injuries.
The hairdresser was clumsy around the doctor and almost cut him off.
The watchman hated the tailor's work but he did what he was told.
The tailor thought that the watchman could be good at sewing and encouraged him.
The chief did not want to help the attendant and refused his request.
The attendant could not understand the chief's problem and reported to the union.
The labourer envied the attendant's work and told him this.
The attendant ignored the worker and asked him to return to work.
The editor ordered a table from Sikarmi and asked to be delivered tomorrow.
Sikarmi got the editor's order and made him a table.
The sheriff tried to take control of the editor's magazine and asked him to stop publishing.
The editor convinced the sheriff that everything was fine and published a story about him anyway.
Pradhan always harassed the editor and asked him to resume work.
The editor never respected the chief and made him do a bad job.
Cook tried to trick the auditor and showed him a different kitchen.
The auditor knew the cook was dishonest and went to his kitchen hours later.
The designer wanted to impress the seller but showed him a bad design.
The salesperson tried to convince the designer that something was wrong but instead angered him.
The sheriff watched the counselor's video and went to interview him.
The councilor expected the sheriff's investigation and filed a complaint against him for misusing the evidence.
Due to exhaustion from work, the analyst called the advisor and told him the pain.
The advisor called the analyst and asked about the next meeting.
The doctor treated the tailor and suggested that he change his lifestyle.
The tailor was waiting for the doctor and gave him a suit.
The lawyer liked to talk to the attendant and asked her to come back tomorrow.
The watchman abused the attendant and took his food.
The attendant was patient with the watchman and listened to his story.
The mover saw the attendant empty and asked him for help.
The attendant thought the mover needed help and offered him help.
The farmer went to meet the librarian and asked him about the library hours.
The bookkeeper gave the farmer books and encouraged him to read more.
The assistant gave the driver money and asked for more attention.
The driver got angry with the assistant and asked him to never come.
The cleaner waited for the chief and spoke to him about the missed payment.
The chief was waiting for the cleaner and asked him for better service.
The teacher befriended the watchman and told him about the school's gossip.
The watchman befriended the teacher and told him about the staff gossip.
